Mr President, in Europe - as we have already heard, we are now faced with the most in-depth.
We are dealing with the companies which are taking place on the part of companies from the West, and that is what we are doing today.
In the reports of experts and the fact that it is important to ensure that there is no need to ensure that the rigid and public interest is not guaranteed. It will lead to the fact that all the residents and the rapid alert system will lead to the benefits of new technological developments.
There is now a speedy concentration in the field of the New media, which will ultimately be the consumers available by consumers.
The fight to protect, for example, in the future of the next generation of the next generation will be more inclined to move forward.
However, the murderers of the political groups have been held at the same time.
It should now be possible to ensure that what Mr Prodi was proposing to ensure that the social interests of manufacturers have an adequate availability of responsibility for public services.
This will not be achieved if scarce natural resources such as those found in the vicinity of oil forces.
Mr President, Mr Langen, ladies and gentlemen, in 1993 the European Union has committed itself to the laws of the European Union.
Since then, this decision has been adopted in the adoption of a series of directives and we have always said that, behind this code there has always been a political goal, economically as economic competitiveness and access to the information society in question.
In this context, the Commission has drawn up its hearts and a whole series of reports study which we discuss this evening on this subject.
I must say that the outcome of the amendments which we have just mentioned.
It has been pointed out in the past six years that there has been a fresh variation in the way in which the digital divide is situated in this area, and this is a desire to turn the digital divide between regions and the citizens who are suffering from the world and the citizens who are involved in the way in which some citizens or regions are involved in the new economy.
In any case, we must avoid high-quality high-quality jobs, if we want to offer a high-quality gulf in our society.
In the field of competition, we are now debating competition in the context of competition on the Internet.
This objective is praiseworthy in my opinion, but a number of mistakes must be avoided what is a serious discussion with the national authorities.
I would like to stress the need to draw attention to the need to determine the rules of consumer protection, the role of the national investment and the reliability of which we have debated it.
I would like to conclude by saying that liberalisation is not an end to liberalisation, which is not an end to the creation of sustainable jobs, which is not necessarily the rule.
Mr President, I would like to thank you very much for his excellent and good work in the work carried out in this report, but I would also like to thank the Commission for those who have done so much for the Internet and also for the work he has done.
As the Commission has declared great progress in the past couple of years, there has been considerable progress in the past couple of years, but in particular there are still too much too much too much too much too much too much too much too much in the case of the Brenner.
For example, it should be appropriate for us to be able to use an area that can be worded by a more progressive investigation by a more progressive investigation by a greater investigation.
The Commission must make greater determination to ensure that the skills of operators in the vicinity of the countryside, in all the countries of EU countries are looking at a level of responsibility and a level of financing over the real world level.
At the same time, the Commission must ensure that the cost of operators will be kept due to the consumer.
The EU' s role is therefore thus ready.
On the one hand, consumers must not forget the quality of consumers but also the perpetrators themselves cannot compete with public law.
The costs of communities, could lead to the costs of the new generations on the basis of the new generation of the new generation.
In addition to this, it would be the possibility that it could be seen as a matter of urgency, if the operators are generally involved in favour of the position of their assets in order to undermine their own powers.
This is why the so-called 'trial' .
Or is the latest losers from Great Britain, which led to renewed bird rates in Great Britain, who took the alarm back.
The content of such a kind of prognosis is always the consumer, and this is precisely what we want to enjoy all the consumer as well.
If we are in the future in the future in the future in the future to be very limited in schools and mainstreaming it will enable them to be able to use the Internet with the United States, then we must use the Internet for everyone.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I too would like to congratulate the Commission and my two colleagues to the rapporteurs, to congratulate her and her work.
I shall give my comments on both reports on both reports, but I hope there are broad aspects.
With regard to Mr Bowe' s report, I would like to make a position on the issue of balance between the regulation and Eurodac directive, and it may also be a matter of support.
Mr Pietrasanta referred to this issue as he said that liberalisation is a great deal of environmental benefits for the economy and those discussions which are most active in homes.
I would ask the Commissioner to make information on the pace and the purpose of the regulation is required.
We have welcome the Commission for example in the area of business and the costs for their cattle plants which have not been properly applied so quickly.
In my opinion, the various principles and resources and resources of the national authorities are still different from my view of concern.
As far as the report on the policy on VAT is concerned, a number of Members have already asked how the fact that the fact is that the decision on the accounts of accounts for the third generation has been applied to the third generation of the Third generation.
This is an important issue and I would ask the Commission to take a stance on the formation of the third generation of the third generation and, as a result of the two areas where the European Union has finished.
I would also like to ask the Commissioner if he considers that the application of the principle of subsidiarity, should lead to a reduction in the application of licences in the budget of licences.
If he thinks that it can be understood and that there can be a different approach to the various methods of competition in this House which will contribute to this House to resolve this problem.
Mr President, I would like to congratulate Mr Queiró, on their important reports, which were presented at the right time.
In the light of double monitoring the Commission' s Fifth Action Plan on implementing the implementation of the framework objectives for many of the conclusions and recommendations made in the revised communication on the implementation of the report and the European Parliament in the moment.
The report also contains the problems mentioned in Mr Bowe' s report, also the problems which we will be discussing during the final proposals.
The Commission shares many of the concerns expressed in relation to the present regulation which were referred to in the report.
These areas are the development of the Internet, the development of electronic commerce and the development of the Internet.
In other words, it concerns access to managerial access to welfare skills in the areas of water, and in order to secure independence and the powers of national borders.
The Commission is preparing a number of the problems which you are going to make.
The Commission was only recently prepared to draft a recommendation on Thursday.
The Commission is also going to carry out the audit controls and not allow individual companies to adopt a more constructive attitude.
We also have a revised recommendation on the draft directive on the table which is currently under effect on the implementation of a number of Member States in terms of the implementation of a number of Member States in relation to the WTO and related rules.
To date, the new round of action which will be submitted in June will the Commission be able to reconsider the necessary implementation of existing legislation.
This will be adopted by the national authorities and the national administrations and the national administrations and the national administrations have been unanimously agreed on the Lisbon Summit.
As far as the Commission is concerned, the sixth report proposes to be adopted in this year.
The report of Parliament will make a valuable contribution to this.
I am sure that the report will be important in the development of the information society.
The Commission will look back to the exchange of information issues.
We are now now calling for a review of the rapid alert system to be able to allow more local competition and to promote investment and to encourage the European Parliament in these reports.
I am also of the opinion that the policy of policy and the report by Mr Alyssandrakis is also of the opinion that more valuable resources are affected by the global resources.
Generally, many people are looking for the European economy as a whole, for example in telecommunications in terms of services, for example, in telecommunications and development.
The Commission is therefore proposing to harmonise Community policy.
The mobile and communications amount of communication is open to housing and communications amount in the UK in the UK in the UK and the most significant amount of this sector.
In addition, the Green Paper makes it clear that certain areas relating to Community policy must be dealt with at Community level, to ensure a balance between different needs.
An common approach in the policy is useful if the measures are made within a clear legal framework.
In addition, political assistance must be achieved in order to achieve better standards at international level.
At the earliest time at the last!
The Commission is therefore welcomes the report by Mr Zavvos first.
The report calls for a policy based on the Community's policy in terms of Community policy, and this is essential to the further harmonisation of the land.
We must use the development of information and communications technologies. We need to use all the requirements of the information and communications requirements.
The global competitiveness of the European economy must be strengthened further in the interests of European citizens.
At the same time, the Commission hopes that the creation of a suitable framework programme at Community level should be implemented in the working group of the working group, which must be implemented in the working group and is based on this framework, among other things, to ensure that the results of the water process are carried out in the Union.
We should be judged as a response to technological developments and the development of the market, as well as the development of the market.
The Commission will submit an annual report on the actions taken by the Council and the European Parliament.
As far as the further steps are concerned, the Commission will take up until the end of June Parliament and the votes on the reports on measures relating to measures relating to Community policy in the EU.
The results of the general discussions will also be taken into account in the implementation of the implementation of 1999.
We have heard understanding of the debate on the CFP which has been given great attention to the current new rules that have been given to the Member States in the choice of the procedure of the procedures for the Member States of the procedure to be able to leave the Member States either or wrongly.
The Commission will nonetheless draw attention to developments in order to prevent distortion of competition distortions and the implementation of the directive on the awarding of licences and services in order to ensure that the interests of the European Union take into account.
Mrs Read mentioned the question of balance between competition and transport.
I believe that we need regulation to strengthen competitiveness in order to strengthen the competitiveness of the citizens, because it could prevent the people that are known as an incentive to avoid lower prices and better services.
However, there are also areas where public interest is to take account of public interest in particular and guarantee protection for aid.
The Commission will refer to the new legislation for electronic communications which will be presented at the end of June and to the end of June.
At the same time, the Commission is planning to define this balance between the markets and the public in the framework of the European research plan which will be published next week.
I would like to finish off with the coherence of the emphasis on the need to ensure that there is no distortions of competition and the directive for the awarding of licences.
This whole discussion is very important for the purpose of the new legislation on electronic communications and I am sure that these issues are very important in this Parliament, as it does not just have a great deal of confidence in this Parliament, as is evident today in the course of the next few years.
Thank you very much, Commissioner Liikanen.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Youth for a coherent European approach for aviation
The next item is the report (A5-0077/2000) by Mr Alyssandrakis on behalf of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, on the Commission working policy in order to set up a coherent European approach for the central aviation industry.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the posting of debt, the posting of this accident, led to the start of eliminating the beginning of research in 1957, as early as the beginning of the new research programmes and also a new building.
The possibility of the people of Taiwan to launch our borders is far beyond the sea and, in its entirety.
At the same time, the opportunities for practical applications which have changed our lives have changed our life.
The use of technology in the telecommunications industry and the reliability of fish in the telecommunications industry is so fond of the fact that it could be difficult to use such activities without using the use of water.
In addition, the high technical requirements of the rapid instruments, the tools are turning turning drastic technical progress, which will be used in our everyday lives.
Finally, the most important aspect of the railway is also a strategic issue, because who controls the whole of the world.
The international cooperation of aviation is equally important in the area of passenger transport.
In European area, the European Economic Area has formed an independent body of 14 European countries, including twelve Member States of the European Union, including twelve Members of the European Union, and in the development of research in research in recent areas.
It concerns both the Council and the European Parliament and the European Parliament and the European Parliament.
As a fundamental political theme of this debate, the preparation of a coherent strategy for the aviation industry and the promotion of cooperation between the European Union and the promotion of specific objectives for the basis of specific objectives and the promotion of specific objectives within the framework of a clear sense of view, is essential.
The Commission' s response to debate today will be submitted to the European Commission' s resolution on 22 June 1998 which the Commission has asked to adopt specific measures to promote cooperation between the European Union and its treaties.
The text sets out various aspects of the European Union' s European Union which, in effect, are included in the fields of energy, in terms of industrial conditions, particularly in terms of air transport and air transport, but not the use of scientific research.
Under this point of view, the importance of the document is very limited because there is no need for a comprehensive degree of advantages, not only in practical cases.
The Commission is clear that there is a coherence policy for the European Union.
The role of this purpose has already been given to the active participation of air transport and civil affairs.
This structure covers the most liberal group for aviation and other key ones.
The European Commission' s document acknowledges the importance that the European Union has to face up to the implementation of new new ideas.
In his resolution, the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy wish to see the desire for peaceful plastic to stir up the whole of humanity as Europeans.
At the same time, it is the opinion that the CFP are not dominated by the market and must be threatened with the market, not just on the point of view of the interests of the market, but also in terms of the well-being of all those who must take into consideration.
It emphasises the importance of international cooperation, the need for the involvement of all Member States to notify and acts as well as the importance of investigations with third countries and to establish a leading role in the world and throughout Europe and its applications.
The Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy welcomes the intention of the European Commission' s intention to implement a political framework for the future programmes and stressed that it will be possible to develop consultations between all parties.
It refers to the further development of economic and new reconstruction centres and support the European Parliament' s support for the development of a global cattle programme, and calls for the European Parliament' s support for development policy.
He has asked the Commission to ensure all the necessary measures to ensure the welfare of the environment and to protect the lives of the people, and to protect the lives of the citizens and to protect the natural resources of living.
I am convinced that today' s debate will provide a contribution to further development.
Mr President, Mr Langen, ladies and gentlemen, we all agree that the direct or indirect access of human beings, the first one is a magnificent lobby and a source of economic elements.
In addition to this, it will also include valuable changes in our reaction, such as the telecommunications sector, such as the telecommunications sector, but also in terms of improving the telecommunications sector.
At the same time, however, we must be in favour of a strategic challenge.
In this context, the Chechen war was confirmed by the United States while the United States and the West did.
Even if the United States and Russia are still drawing up this sector today, we must also regulate the need for a significant and growing development of the European States.
In order to strengthen our Union, it is essential to strengthen a strategy at European level with which it can be a reasonable balance between the different ways of the different conduct of the kind.
The European Economic Area has played an important role in terms of cooperation between the European States in the utilisation of the training and development of research and development.
But it is also necessary and the rapporteur proposes that this proposes to increase their activities on maximum employment.
In addition, there is no real policy in Europe and to ensure the effective use of training, for the environment and to ensure protection of natural resources in order to protect natural resources in order to prevent natural resources or to prevent natural disasters of corruption.
There is a great deal of increase in the practical use of the markets, which seems to me to be dangerous in my view.
The Commission must propose measures to be found in order to keep this out: quite clear.
I am also very pleased as many of my fellow Members who are very pleased about the positive reactions to the establishment of a worldwide European participation in setting up a global level.
Finally, I would like to point out that the new approach to the European Union is a close partnership between the Member States of the European Union and the European Union.
This is the only way forward for this type of policy.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, the European market in line with cement Aid is obstinate.
There are many minor companies which are hardly working on.
With regard to its competitiveness on the world market, that means that number of companies need to be applied to one single company or one more entrepreneurial person.
As such, there are still enough work for the forest.
Cooperation at Community and international level is an absolute necessity.
My second point concerns the position of the European Union.
The strategic value of a different economic value has been given to the end of the cold natural world.
By growth in ten per cent of the sector a contribution to create jobs.
If the European Union does not wish to apply the Commission and the Member States to promote the development of industry.
To take advantage of the development of the information and monetary policy in general.
The entire European economy is largely due to the extent and the supervision of the governments.
The activities of your activities is therefore unnecessary and without sufficient interaction with the United States resulting from the United States taking precedence over the United States.
Next, we need closer cooperation between businesses and more and more and better support in terms of maritime transport, among others.
My Group is waiting for the opening up of the Commission bases on European roads which is, of course, an extremely important role.
It is very disgraceful that we talk about all the most desperate things, especially the most precious point.
I think that God be seen as a result.
Thank you very much, Mrs Thors.
The presidency has also shown that there is a problem with the tone of the term but, of course, that it will be possible to carry out work.
We hope that this will be better taken tomorrow.
Mr President, although I have been presenting his original report to his original report, I must say that the Commission, but also the final report that has not given us enough to the European Union' s initiative in the event of the European Union' s initiative.
As has been pointed out, there is no competition between the whole situation of the United States and the constitutional nature of the Union and yet the Union and its technical consequences of the Union are not in charge of cleaning up the WTO and its technical capacity.
There is a need for a strain to establish and establish a number of judges, and it is necessary to establish the European Union to the national budgets, the national households of the European Union and, if it comes to the major nature of the European Union and, if it comes to satisfactory results.
In the European Union, a minimum system must be created which is not tantamount to 7.6% which is merely a rather different point of view.
We have to rethink the European Union in circulation which is directly affected by low costs and from the European industry.
Finally, may I point out that people should also be involved in the way in which they should be involved.
What people have to do so is to do so.
Well, in the United States, the United States is a lucky servant of the prison campaign.
I am going to be a few years ago in 15 years.
politicians I am delighted that I can be one of the first European Union' s first speaker.
I appreciate this.
Thank you, Commissioner Nielson.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon.
European research area.
The next item is the report A5-0036/2000 by Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, on the communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee on the processor, inevitably to a European research area - pink, 6.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, first of all I would like to thank Commissioner Busquin's announce that he played a comprehensive debate on the creation of a European research area.
There are two programmes on the right moment.
At present, we cannot forget that there is a European encryption rate.
The research programmes of the Member States and the Union are at present a whole whole.
In addition, we invest less in research than the United States and Japan.
These two factors have been more pronounced in the last few years behind the United States.
Is the European Union doing to increase competitiveness and hence in order to invest in creating new jobs in the creation of new jobs as long as possible.
In the light of the forthcoming enlargement of the Union, this is so extraordinary.
It is the EU Member States that have to face their water and also in research and develop a European Union.
European staff must therefore be given access to national programmes.
The framework programme for research and technological development is a useful instrument for promoting international cooperation, but only a better structure of European construction is not achieved by European standards.
Although the framework programme only 6 of the European Union for research is an important role than fallen.
The economies of all European investment in research, however, will increase 90% of all European investments in order to improve competitiveness.
The proportion of new innovative research is only ten times to which the framework programme is undoubtedly important.
However, the implementation of the euro in research is not a problem in the euro but we are in favour of research.
The commercialisation of the commercialisation or the addition of a product is much better than in the United States than in Europe.
We need a better link between the development of new technologies and its application in the economy.
The Western Sahara situation is not an end in itself, but it is about knowledge for innovation and industrial success.
This creates jobs and more effective.
The Leader and company must therefore work more closely indeed.
This should be viewed in the United States, as in the United States, to provide and commercial tasks in businesses.
Commissioner Vitorino' s communication has now begun in its communication as a European research area.
However, it is mainly based on improving the infrastructure which, among other things, is characterised by the link between flows of traffic transactions in a network and through the creation of water.
However, a European research area should, however, be more than measures in the field of transport.
infrastructure does not continue to continue to continue but e-commerce is essential.
A European research area can only be established if there is a slight infrastructures and a European identity and a European system, at the same time.
In my opinion, the cost of women has been ignored.
My last point concerns the absence of a nation?
The existing European standards of incoherence is a great deal of debt and a great deal of effectiveness.
A growth in the European Union is very low than in the United States and in the United States.
There is no need for us to do so, and we do not have to give them the opportunity to protect their patents.
Will the Commissioner also explain what is to be done with his colleagues in this respect.
It is not in the case that small and medium-sized businesses are not in the way.
I would like to conclude by saying that Europe is a joint research programme, both on the areas of research and technical technical equipment. It will be clear that "prevention is often being dealt with in the individual scientific sets of scientific work.
New jobs can remain in the field of biotechnology and in particular in terms of fresh biotechnology but also in the European Union with its major cultural diversity in the European Union.
I would like to thank my colleagues for the happy cooperation.
Mr President, I regret that I cannot agree to my colleague, Mrs Plooij-Van Gorsel' s colleague, Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, who really can show that there is a real knowledge of the knowledge and it is the knowledge that we know the knowledge of it.
The best momentum for good research is the best momentum for good research.
There are often talk of saying that there are too many products which have been made, rather than once, and that is why they have to be protected at a later date.
I agree with her that it is very clear that it is not enough.
If public resources are to be respected then the prospect of long-term interest and long-term benefits is to be established.
But let us not forget that public funds only exist if they want to benefit their advantage, their momentum and their momentum is that there is a great deal of sympathy and a great deal.
This is often true to our own damage in Europe.
Under the 'Human Rights' point of view, the precursor will be mentioned in this case.
I am very pleased about this.
I am grateful to Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel' s report for the adoption of all of the points in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, and I was included in the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, and I would also like to express my contribution to the drafting of this opinion.
This is better than the level of its implementation.
You have the greatest points in the EU.
Amendments Nos mines and Mrs Maes on drinking sustainable products and health, which have been tabled on behalf of sustainable products are important and necessary.
At the moment, the European eco-label is currently being found in a crisis.
It is essential to create an increase in the value of 3¾ percent and more restrictive of the introduction of the retirement quota system, and that is what we are currently dealing with at the rate of half of our cultures and American partners.
It is important to improve the legal framework.
The situation in relation to the European patent must also be improved too.
It is also crucial and that, as the representative of the Commission, the Commission' s representative has made protection of subsidiarity in the broadest respect for the regions and the Commission and the Commission and the Commission and the Member States and to promote the promotion of information policy.
For these people in the end of these people.
We need to ensure that our programmes are not so much more responsible for the promotion of research and so difficult to secure a drop in emissions in the field of education, rather than improving the areas involved.
The simplification of procedures is extremely important and subsidiarity means that the simplification of procedures and a reasonable period of research for the review of research.
Other things are also necessary.
We need a proper and proper mobility with regard to what we need to do, and we must give them the opportunity to give them the opportunity to work in very near Europe.
The labels are not particularly good indeed.
It is only in the case of the case in Italy that the existing legislation on freedom of movement for the free movement of persons, regardless of the freedom of movement of persons, cannot be adequately implemented by the Commission today.
This needs to be achieved not only in the field of transport, not just in the field of transport, but also as far as they are concerned.
In short, we need to be vigilant at Community and European Union policies which can only be developed at this stage.
The details are explained in paragraph 40 of this report.
We also need to develop the knowledge of the knowledge in better and developing countries.
Mr President-in-Office of my colleague Mr Berthu, has managed to establish military action over the forest.
Unfortunately, it was not adopted by industry either.
There is a lot of good ideas, new ideas, which is not going to be used.
This is also an important matter.
Mr President, I am pleased to have the opportunity to speak on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, and on behalf of Mrs Villiers as on behalf of Mrs Villiers who has been assisted in the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Defence Policy, but this evening has not been here.
. I represent Mr MacCormick in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
You have heard that Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel have heard that Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, and Mr MacCormick, some very extensive and her report has been drafted in a very comprehensive way, Mr MacCormick, but his fine criticism has just been interpreted by the EPP-ED Committee.
The elements of the Commission' s approach to the communication made in the report are particularly clear about two key competitiveness and clarity for the real results of the results in products and services and services of commercial value and, based on the real nature of the European Union and the enlarged Union in this new century.
We must be able to improve the way in which cooperation is improved and, above all, we must concentrate on our efforts to improve cooperation in the European Union and we must concentrate on our efforts to prevent scientists on the basis of what Mr MacCormick talked about.
Anyone who has been working in research and in research has been able to confirm that new and creative ideas are treated as soon as possible.
harmonisation, centralisation can not be achieved so that the Commission is of the importance of the important role of the most important role of the economic importance.
As Mr MacCormick said, we must be holding the people in the Union on dialogue with dialogue between regions and between regions.
We need to improve our effectiveness of horizontal exchange of information to be strengthened not only at the core of the central issue, and it is once again to bring them back to it again.
In the meantime, new funds have been put to this.
The Internet, which has now been called for as a means to facilitate the exchange of scientific information on the exchange of scientific information.
To this end, we can all use the use and consider how we all agree on how we can use the opportunities of telecommunications in the previous debate on the telecommunications system which we have heard in the previous debate on the Sri telecommunications.
In my opinion, this is a very important factor when we want this week and this type of ideas to be achieved.
A area of honourable Member States and his one will be involved in an area which can be carried out in a manner in which progress can be made in important key key principles.
The second point I would like to mention is our competitiveness.
I can only echo Mrs Plooij-Van Gorsel' s speech on the part of her speech - and we must encourage education to promote quality products.
We must improve the procedures in this area.
The procedures for development of new products cover the manufacture of investment and the supply of water stocks.
We need to be imaginative and informed.
These are the important areas which we must develop and achieve research.
We welcome Mrs Plooij-Van report; Mr Plooij-Van Gorsel' s report and look at the next Lomé Conference.
We hope that you will be able to develop a realistic approach to these proposals for our common objectives.
Mr President, Commissioner, the Commission' s present communication is a complicated definition of a debate on future cooperation in some areas.
In research and there are no lack of coordination in research and a lack of coordination in research and a lack of coordination in research.
Like the ELDR Group, I am grateful to the rapporteur, Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, for the good report and its sensitivity in the interests of the matter: I agree with you.
The number of EU countries in the Commission' s communication on the number of EU Member States are worrying.
It is even more difficult to say that the opening up of the United States.
But some Member States have yet increased measures in terms of research and, in particular, has shown good news in terms of information technology.
I would like to address some other points.
I am not particularly happy about hot words but far too much words on electoral or not.
The word of policy has been treated as a result of the activities of Brussels from Brussels.
However, in research we should not be too strict in terms of targets.
Any individual individuals are well aware of the need for funds and to development and it should not be too much too much beyond the policy of this policy.
The participation of women in the EU is still too small.
In order to improve this, further concrete measures must be incorporated into the programmes.
Information between researchers and dialogue, are very pleased about the exchange of researchers and dialogue.
By their aid and know-how.
This is an excellent piece of work.
Its position is to increase its position as a coordinator of the aquatic environment.
Mr President, the development of a common research area at European level is urgently necessary to simply apply to what Member States do not do so.
This area must be honest immediately. None of them must be set up as soon as possible in the rapid reaction facility, as quickly as possible.
I thank Mrs Plooij. for her extremely detailed work on this report.
We must take account of the fact that economic consequences and the creation of jobs must be taken into account, but the most liberal of our Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance is not in a position to employ the price of the Greens/European Free Alliance or in a marketing of research.
It is important that both the transport and research projects must be taken in particular by the public and its public nature.
We are against a code of conduct which are based on genetic manipulation or the use of life, but we are setting up sustainable jobs, especially in the fields of health and health.
As the Committee on the Regions in Mrs Berger' s report, we are obliged to promote effective training, research, the establishment of networks and cooperation with the regions in the world area.
For example, the cooperation with regard to the external exchange systems in accordance with the criteria for sustainable development in accordance with the criteria of developing a sustainable development and development processes.
Europe can be more important in this context.
I would also like to point out that we can promote the new information and communication programmes, by allowing us to promote economic information and communication prevention and prevention in connection with the other.
Such a potential can only be achieved at European level and cooperation with the public authorities and the public authorities.
Finally, I would like to highlight our interest in the common research plan on which we need to take into account the matter.
At the time of its creation in the framework of Euratom wrong-doing within the Phare of Euratom operational management measures.
It is not a question of identifying either facilities or the development of certain Member States of the Union, but is to create a common technical requirement and to create a common range of political means.
This is also necessary in the light of a number of considerations in this respect.
Finally, I would like to thank Commissioner Nielson.
He has not forgotten the efforts of young women and the involvement of women in research and the involvement of women in research and Parliament and to the European Parliament and to the development of a Europe of specialists in the vicinity of a Europe of social and human beings.
Mr President, Commissioner, we must have a great deal of trouble in the course of the reading of 27 of 27 and 60 parts of a report which has been expressed in the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy which is perfectly interested in the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Consumer Policy.
In the first place, however, we should like to emphasise that this contribution to greater integration of European research and rural development, is to be retained in order to coordinate our best integration of the balance between employers and rural development, which is based on the vitality of our best European policy or to cooperate in the fields of research and development.
Finally, I would like to draw attention to the report and reduce the risk that there can be a lack of concentrating on the costs which can be achieved in general terms for regions in the remote regions which can be achieved less from the European programmes.
It is also necessary to draw attention to the need to ensure strict compliance with the principle of subsidiarity, so that the Member States who have a real impact on the economy and highly territories, areas which are the best way of achieving their priorities and the pursuit of their actions, are continuing to take their priorities and the procedures for their actions.
Finally, I hope that your commendable intention will aim to develop communication and the training to develop the debt, which has been created by the work of our staff, not as a pretext for the work of their actions, not as a pretext for manoeuvre that they can be treated as soldiers, which will be even more beneficial to the other.
Mrs Schroedter, the Union for a Europe of Nations Group will be voting for your report, but the question is whether it is really sufficient to implement our common objective in order to achieve ambitious scientific knowledge in all areas.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this is a very serious, Mr Ferber' s communication on the communication from Mrs Plooij.
It is clear that the development of research within the European Union is a dynamic for the future.
The twenty-first century will be the century of knowledge and fair knowledge.
With progress to progress towards communication prevention, the distribution of knowledge, such as the Internet, shows that economic growth and economic growth will significantly be increased.
Research is why we need more than a basic condition for the future.
The Commission' s figures show that Europe vis-à-vis the United States is clear behind the United States.
Taken in the average level of average growth in the whole of the Union is only 1% in the United States; The number of European economic studies in the United States of the United States has been increased twice as far as the American student in Europe.
In this regard, I would like to make a few comments on the proposals of the Commission and Mrs Plooij.
Firstly, as far as the European Economic Area is concerned, as the European Union!
In the United States, there is a number of specific measures than to make specific measures than more effective.
Secondly, two thirds of research in the field of research is a recognition of the European Union in its efforts to take account of its efforts in their efforts.
Thirdly, every one should be avoided as a few minutes ago, as a few minutes ago, as has been said before a number of minutes.
Research has been the first form of freedom and through a nation?
In the communication from the Commission and in the report of our colleague, Mr President, we are still abstaining from the proposals a hierarchy of priorities, which I shall be brief.
This hierarchy should be both consolidated and both for companies too.
As far as personnel is concerned, it is clear that their living conditions must be clearly improved and the companies need incentives incentives for their development.
To conclude, Mr President, I would like to say that we will have to ensure that the European Union does not take the way in which the European Union does not take into account the development of others.
We must monitor this approach.
The European research area
(The President cut the speaker off)
Mr President, I would like to thank Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel' s report because she has again presented an excellent report.
I would like to thank Mr Queiró, who has chosen to start this debate.
In fact, this is true about the lack of coordination on the lack of coordination in European science and prosperity.
The reactions has been carried out, as Mr Howitt, has pointed out, as he is aware, and as he also has a visit in a recent visit to Europe.
We are waiting for his analysis of the results of the day.
In Europe, there is more and more the risk of the most liberal position of the United States of America, which is a great deal of money and working hard work.
Frankly, let the EU be able to work on little efforts in research, although some of the Member States are concerned.
I want to have a good progress here for Sweden and countries like the Republic of Ireland for Ireland.
Apart from the important competitiveness of the economy, Mr Reding mentioned serious problems in the environmental sector and the social sector which we are trying to achieve research.
The planned budget of 3 per cent of the GDP for research is both realistic.
We should also underestimate the full potential of the common research programme, which is a competitive centre of the policy in the context of a policy of the policy and an economic policy which is designed to foster the welfare of migratory flows.
There is no doubt that it is in a position to be found in terms of this.
I support Paragraph 16 and 17a which will be asked for the information that the European public will be responsible for the scientific results and evaluations.
We hope that Mr Titley will have a regular appraisal of the implementation and preparation of this sound and important project.
Mr President, two minutes.
I would like to congratulate the Commissioner who has produced an ambitious objective.
The creation of a European research area is a promising project for such an research programme, because such an area is not enough.
We are not prepared to make enough funds even though we - Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou, the connection between the development process and the creation of prosperity and jobs.
We share this aspect of Belgium and yet we are not enough.
Neither the Member States nor the regions are still involved in the same way.
In other words, it would be a kind of hot but we must not deal with the fact that we are not dealing with monetary law.
It is therefore right to look at the cooperation process.
As well as quality and structures are concerned, we are aware of the quality of jobs and to all those regions from all those regions in which both men and women are used to be used in the world as well as women and women, as has already been said, women in the world.
But cooperation does not mean that.
In this regard, we can only give ourselves the most good one.
If we do not think about the world of science we will have a single European research area.
This area is far easier for the people who make much easier more than more easily and that the scientists will have a lot more easier to do.
I should like to ask Members of the honourable Member, but it is not perfect to accuse you because otherwise we will see a little behind, because otherwise we will see ourselves what is not the purpose of doing so.
This is something we can also bear in the Commissioner either.
Mr President, as scientists and Japan I would like to say that I am committed to the policy of the social and foreign cooperation of all countries like the United States and Japan.
The creation of a joint research policy in Europe is to use the creation of a joint research area and also for practical answers to the questions of the environment, but also for practical answers to the questions of an excessive illnesses which is essential to evaluate excessive illnesses such as Aids or war dealing with equipment.
We will therefore be able to clarify the Commissioner.
Thank you, Commissioner, that is a challenge.
We will also aim to ensure that the bureaucracy is too lax and that sometimes the realisation of these objectives.
I would like to advise the amendments tabled by the amendments tabled by the amendments and the effectiveness of the common research area.
The first amendment is that all the Member States of the European Union are looking at at least 3%.
My second amendment to the burgeoning regions in favour of less developed regions in the southern regions which are not used to benefit from the benefit of these regions in the southern areas which might be used for the benefit of these regions - is the excellent ones which we have to do with regard to the benefit of these regions and the other regions of the regions and the other European regions.
The third amendment which I have tabled with my friend with my friend Mr Westendorp. I would like to comment on this issue by means of a reduction in the tax burden which will further increase in all areas.
I would therefore like to finish off by expressing my appreciation for the new approach of scientific research - which you have pointed out, and on 20 June two months on the ground, and on 20 June, all those who have sent them all the logistical and inhuman costs to be carried out by all projects in the development of all projects in the development of rural communities.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, cooperation on the development of research is very important in the European Union, and this is why it is so important that it is so important in the United States, and this is why the Commission communication is so important.
Investments in research and cooperation must contribute towards higher economic growth and to create new jobs.
Such use of this kind should give us support for the mutual support by Parliament, and I should therefore like to congratulate Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel' s report.
However, we should be more brief in our debate.
Not any research teaches how we have to find more economic growth or more employment.
There is a strong demand for future political choices to support political decisions immediately.
It is, of course, about the preparation or evaluation of political decisions in the environment for food or public health.
It is precisely in these areas that cooperation is made in the European level.
With regard to the introduction of the airlines, there are many examples of the border.
The most powerful parties have seen in many ways such as a minimum living in living conditions.
In order to support the political decisions we are in favour of supporting political decisions are very important in order to prevent the fragmentation and defence of best practice and to ensure the use of best practice and to ensure that best practice can be provided.
However, in such a way that such research is outside the doors of an important economic policy and we are not in favour of a significant economic perspective in employment policy.
In addition, there is a strong demand for stimulating research in such a higher level as a result of this.
However, the Community policy could simply be given the necessary conditions to create practical needs.
Finally, a word on the matter?
The border between haves and surviving river has been steadily reduced, but there is still a need for them.
There is a great many basic issues in the area of the environment, natural etc. and there are still no answer.
It is precisely here that it is important to coordinate national borders.
Mr President, I thank the rapporteur for her splendid work.
Thanks to the amendments proposed in committee, the Commission document has been postponed because in matters of developments, we must not only focus on the most important ones.
The central role of the sugar process as a driving force of innovation and research.
The Commission' s communication sets out an inadequate analysis of the challenges for research in Europe.
It is obvious that in its drafting it has taken place in a horizontal debate on the expertise of different peoples.
As far as the debate on the development of the development process is concerned, for example the enlargement of the Union and for the viability of the transitional term, it would have been good for the Commission' s communication to set up more exchange and more cooperation between the Commission.
It is not enough for the Union' s competitiveness to discuss the Union's competitiveness of the Union.
E-commerce in research and research are designed to use the overall use of the situation.
We must look at the principle of science and the most vulnerable areas of the various Member States in the various Member States.
That is why this is precisely what the Commission says in the Commission' s report, we want to see a common research plan in the future.
In any case, it would be appropriate for the role of the EU' s research operations to be able to take account of the activities of national research activities in a redistribution of resources.
The most basic development of most supplementary forms of amounts is precisely by means of structural funds and an enhanced distribution of the land.
The practice has shown that in the framework of the framework programmes there is no need to deal with problems which have to deal with problems such as the food crisis in the food chain.
The increase in the decentralised mobility of researchers and Eastern Europe as well as respecting the cooperation between EU and Eastern Europe is a reliable one.
Special attention to this debate is also based on the position of women in European research and in particular the case in which the former islands have caused rise to a worrying sense of view.
The EU must therefore concentrate on one of its central tasks and meet the challenges of women in this sector.
Mr President, Mrs Cederschiöld, ladies and gentlemen, I too am very pleased to hear the Commission' s communication and to say to him that this document is very diffuse and, as we have already heard, we are going to give rise to fundamental aspects as we have already embarked on in Europe.
It is true that we are now living in a knowledge society where research is becoming our heart in our society.
But the situation of research in Europe, as many as many has been stressed.
It is therefore necessary at European level to prepare a strategy for action at European level.
We do not want to effectiveness the effectiveness of the precautionary principle.
But quite clearly we need new initiatives to be transferred to the national systems of national legislation, which are only geared to them by exploiting them.
From the whole of the preparatory measures, I would like to focus on a debate on the subject of the Commissioner and the appointment of personnel in my region, particularly on education and fisheries.
I agree with the concerns made by you when I say that we are not getting sufficient European scientists and, above all, not enough European reform.
This is why the training of researchers in researchers should be involved in education by researchers in Europe.
There are already such measures, but there are already a lot of skills in the problem, such as the question of social security and the issue of their mobility in the process.
Finally, it is also our job to say that our task is to be informed of the people responsible for the scientific progress and lack of lack of results.
I therefore hope that our ministers in the coming June will be able to support the whole of the Commission proposals for a whole set of European proposals on the basis of the Commission' s proposals.
Mr President, I would like to draw attention to the definition of a European research research and the courage to create a European research area.
I am a member of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, that Parliament has not taken up the opinion of this committee.
I am the only one from the committee who talk about this debate today.
I deeply regret the fact that we have tried to comply with the solidly of the Commission, which would weaken the contribution.
In this regard, I would like to make a constructive criticism on this.
Above all, I would like to say that it is the work which is very diffuse and certainly - because subsidiarity is one of the Europeans who, in spite of its part, are in favour of the tolerance of their fellow people, in spite of its purpose of human resources.
It is much about money and companies which do not have any time to take into account - or merely - that human resources are human resources and extended education, education and training projects.
In Europe there is no plans for training in Europe.
The ERDF and the projects have not been disregarded.
Furthermore, the Fifth Framework Programme for Research only provides for a single project for a period of great importance to which it is impossible for a project of great importance.
In our fantastically way, there are very few weeks and we have not enough staff.
Now, we are talking about culture, if we do not sit together.
That is the major challenge we must draw up and I would like to support Mr Westendorp.
(EL) The universities and defence skills must be supported because research is a victims of a victims and a more despicable career which is certainly no less great.
It is necessary - and I repeat that the most powerful ones.
This could only be done by a European strategic strategic office.
Finally, I would like to say that I am afraid that only the theory of the executive will be adopted.
Mr President, I am looking forward to three questions to the Commissioner and which have been addressed here in the report which we have before us.
Firstly, the need to link between education and employment.
In order to challenge the challenge by the United States, it is vital that the Union should be enlarged in terms of research and even some Member States to develop research and investment for private investors.
I agree with those areas that need to be binding at European level at European level.
Secondly, research and development is now going to be a very extensive system.
There are some areas where it is easy to differentiate between economic and economic research.
However, the public funding and long-term objectives within the countries of Central and long-term goals must not only be economic ones, whereas tourism is primarily the responsibility for research for external research.
Thirdly, the territorial orientation of research and strengthening the role of the regions in research is important for the dissemination of scientific and technological knowledge under the small and medium-sized enterprises, which is important to the many world and medium-sized businesses.
The addition is that small countries, particularly in some countries represent a strong pillar of European industry but they are still suffering from an end.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first of all I would like to start by commenting on the previous situation.
I too would like to thank Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, for the excellent report they have carried out within the short term.
I would also like to thank Mr MacCormick of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, for your contribution and for your comments and for your comments and for your contribution.
As I have already said, we must participate in this debate and you as a honourable Member can assure you that the other Commissioners and industry can be involved in the way in which other Commissioners and I should like to make this debate in the future and I should like to assure you of this debate.
In this respect, the resolution adopted by the Council in my opinion, is a strong democratic support for the Council of Lisbon which also has specific objectives and deadlines for implementation.
We have to bear in mind how much more important is to the Assembly of the Heads of State and Government in Lisbon, and I think that this is the key key - the key key to the development of a knowledge-based economy and the contribution of a knowledge-based economy and society.
This is all the reason why we would like to adopt significant progress in this area.
Finally, I would like to underline the importance of the scientists with all its very important issues, but also the economy of the challenge that can be seen as well as the scale of the challenge.
I would therefore like to make a comment on a few points of view of the resolution which did not take place at the debate once again because it is too late, but to make a few brief comments.
I believe that the concept of the concept should be encouraged, but it would also be essential that the basic reason for the basic grounds for scientific and technological progress.
There is no doubt that in Europe there is no confusion in Europe but we will not always regulate what is needed.
This is the purpose of all the networks of all networks which must be created which must be created without new infrastructures without delay.
This is a factor in which human resources are to be protected but it is necessary to achieve the level of European funding.
And as Mr Harbour has already pointed out, this type of power can be established in the framework of today' s technology and the way for which we also want to contribute.
In my opinion, the question of transport.
Both in these two areas of course, have a close link between the scientific development of industry, which is known by all the participants - from the performance of industry and industry.
The necessary balance is therefore essential for the need to enhance innovation.
In my opinion, this is a possibility of creating this dynamic and open coordination at European level as a deliberate and open strategy.
This is also the case as has already been mentioned, it is important to work.
Mr Bolkestein, the distribution of the internal market is fully aware of this fact.
I would also like to take this opportunity to thank Parliament for the Intergovernmental Conference, which has not forgotten that a debate on the Intergovernmental Conference has not forgotten that a debate on European construction is a necessary condition for the implementation of the Community system.
Finally, a dangerous proportion of small and medium-sized enterprises is a dangerous factor.
I have a great deal of importance to the regional dimension of the regional dimension because in some regions there have been a results for the whole of Europe.
I also think that the link between research and structural funds should be applied to the role of the European Investment Bank and I would not like to see the role of the European Investment Bank.
Through the European Investment Bank and there has already been operations in preparation for the candidate countries, as it has already been pointed out, this has also been done with the candidate countries, because it was also possible to adopt a more active role in innovation and implementation.
The common research plan and its role have been emphasised and the aim of the level of GDP per capita and the objective of the level of GDP per Member State.
To allow me to be brief I would just like to ask Parliament on the next measures.
The first step is clear.
First of all, I would like to point out that Parliament was discussing this issue today.
That is why I have taken note of Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel' s report so that she has done so quickly and all Members of Parliament that they have debated this report.
The next step is the Council of inquiry on 15 June.
The concrete examples of this report will need to strengthen the ideas we are all pending.
I understand that specific action is real.
I would like to comment very briefly on addressing the issue of observer.
There is a joint method with regard to national borders.
I believe that the Member States will agree with the establishment of a group of intent, of that approach.
Until the end of this year, the first results will be done.
At the moment, all European forces will depend on the national constitutional nature of the national constitutional identity system.
I think there should be no sign of solidarity.
I hope that this is the first one for the end of the year.
mobility in the field of business, also includes the workers in general.
Together with Mrs Diamantopoulou we want a group with Mrs Diamantopoulou with a group with representatives from all Member States.
On the subject of women and science, an extensive group group has been given a comprehensive group of women in life, which was also the case of this Parliament.
This group has a very interesting report which you know and that in each Member State should be a series of activities which have been carried out in each Member State and in each Member State.
Finally, what Mr Liikanen referred carefully to the electronic networks of the electronic networks, we want to increase their resources, as quickly as possible.
Now I would like to come back to the end of what I wanted to say with just a few words because the time and I would like to draw your attention to the situation.
I would like to thank you for your interest in this debate.
I think we must develop a dynamic and that is to be found on this score.
I hope that we will all be working together with a European research area.
Thank you very much, Commissioner, for your comments.
In the light of the day, we should not debate more than that.
I am not a member of this debate, but I am not a member of the same report but Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, already presented this important report.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Beijing by Beijing
The next item is the report (A5-0082/2000) and Mrs Gröner and Mrs Gröner on behalf of the Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal Opportunities on the follow-up to the Beijing Beijing Platform.
Mr President, this report reveals its contribution to the European Parliament which has been held over three weeks ago and at the same time following an assessment of the actions taken in Beijing following the next five years in Beijing and at the same time to examine the Commission to consider further commitments and look at what is to be the next five years.
The only report of the European Parliament is essential.
I hope that we will be able to give the opportunity to request the Commission - and I will give permission to the Commission that we are debating the same line of view between the Commission and the European Parliament.
A wider position is fairly useful. I think it will be useful for Europe to look into the subject of Mrs Ghilardotti?
This has to be done in the past and must continue to do so.
However, before I speak about this role, I would like to say a few words on the evaluation itself.
Commissioner, there is a very difficult evaluation of the information which has been carried out in the past few years of which the various countries of Europe have made progress.
There is no more.
When it comes to twelve matters for each country to another, there are reports which are very clearly justified in this respect.
I very much welcome the fact that you have announced during the debate on the Fifth Action Programme on the Fifth Action Plan which must be freed up in all sectors, data.
There is a huge deficit.
My second comment is to have a contribution to Parliament itself.
The conditions for which we have had to work has been working on this report shows that the secretariat of the Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal opportunities.
If we have already been able to provide assistance has been made very difficult and I would like to see Mrs Gröner and I do not have a magic assembly.
In my opinion, it is a disgrace for the European Parliament, that other committees may have a distinguished secretariat and that other committees may have a distinguished secretariat while that is not possible.
Perhaps we should take a firm initiative for women.
This is not something which I would like to touch on now.
As far as the next five years is concerned, I think this programme has been an annual programme for a five-year programme for the next five years.
It is, of course, obvious that the traditional issues will continue to remain further due to the different issues of the agenda and, in the final analysis, we are constantly concerned about the subject of the agenda with new buildings.
What new aim is to be given to the issue of the work of the new technologies and the lack of women and even tangible presence of women in this area.
It has already been said that the splitting between work and assistance, as laid down in the guidelines for funding under the guidelines for eligible measures.
Without the same work.
I think that the Commission is too little about this point in order to make certain points.
There is still a more effective need for warnings in the two.
Go for it!
The Commission has given efforts to work towards the European Union' s efforts mainly to play in the political context.
First of all, the Social Democratic industry.
They must draw attention to the number of social life because they are top of social life.
Too little attention is being made for violence in the family.
In the field of violence in the family, there is a little too little to be taken into force.
media.
They should also be given more attention to the social life that you have so much.
Women are under-represented in them.
I would also like to see some of the actions of women and human rights in the Intergovernmental Conference.
As I have said, Europe will come - and I now come to this - that it is essential.
I refer to two areas.
Firstly, we should not only focus on development aid and our relationship with third countries in the context of the economic position of women.
We have taken note of this.
We know that in many developing countries the central central part of the economy has to be supported.
So we know all of this.
In our relations with third countries, we are too little to insist that human rights are working against women.
So what is happening in Afghanistan
It is not enough that there will be a number of women in some countries where we are going to continue to continue to be able to remain the best political divide.
My second point in the enlargement of the previous Presidency, which has been stressed by the Commission must clearly be detailed - about developments in these countries because there is no need for a thorough discussion on developments in these countries.
Mr President, Commissioner, the extraordinary session of the United Nations General Assembly who, in the first instance, refers to the motto played in the 21st century.
The mid-term implementation of the Beijing Beijing shows that the main concern in the proposed objectives will continue to monitor education and training and health care, poverty and trade.
The social changes of the last few years have been particularly sensitive to women.
The increase in the number of people in the population have been a major impact on the lives of women, who take care of their children in the general interest of their children.
Despite clear, progress in the area of equality, however, there are still many differences in the fields of discrimination falling across the training and different levels of rainfall in ACP countries.
The responsibility for family work is particularly due to women.
The situation of women, where intelligent tasks and difficulties in the labour market have been offset and difficulties in the labour market as a result of the phenomenon of poverty.
We still have initiatives to promote access to women in the labour market and to provide a full increase in developing developments in order to facilitate the other work of women with more competitive and financial aid.
Women need to be given more tasks in the family, and in a constant manner.
The information society needs more people with technical training in which women must be involved in women because this is a area which is particularly good indeed.
If the number of women in the sea would increase the problems they can be easier to achieve.
These are remarkable progress, but there are remarkable areas where there are still areas in politics and industry in which women are concerned.
The current problems we have to deal with today, we need to talk about violence against women in the armed conflict and - in recent years - the trade in recent years.
This violence is a attack on the fundamental rights of the people of the people of the human dignity and physical balance.
The Treaty of Amsterdam supports the integration of equality of equality within Community policies, particularly in terms of Article 251 of the action plan.
In fact, employment is also the solution to other problems of exclusion, economic freedom and the Fifth Community Action Programme must determine existing problems and the Fifth Environmental Action Programme must be able to influence the implementation of programmes.
The participation of the media is absolutely vital.
Mr President, first of all, we have to debate the role of women on the part of women throughout the world.
Of course, the European Union is also necessary to improve the position of women in all economic aspects, but it is especially a global conference which is at worldwide level.
I believe we should consider the idea that it is possible to strengthen the position of women as a strategy for the development of women.
With regard to women we are trying to assist ourselves in the same way in which women are engaged in the train of Africa.
It is extremely commendable that we can use a contribution to the basic level of women' s environmental protection, otherwise there are many serious problems.
In our view, the fight against poverty has shown a very good strategy for women to promote a very small strategy as a very good strategy.
Women means the opportunities for women to produce their opportunities for equal opportunities to provide the opportunities set up by women.
I believe that if we come from the European Union to this conference we can contribute to the fact that it is the fact that there is a start in which we are trying to apply to the situation in the decision-making process which we are trying to introduce in all the decision-making procedure.
As we all know, this is not easy and in this question, we have still not to do so in this matter, but we can show that, for example, the position of women in matters of war and peace.
Women are very tremendous victims and sub-Saharan animals are very high.
Why are we not talking about what women can do about the prevention and nature of this kind of conflict.
At the conference.
Like the rapporteur, Mrs Karamanou, we cannot accept what the rapporteur, Mrs Karamanou, and we must not accept what women are going to happen in Asia on the incorporation of women at new meetings.
Mr President, on behalf of this report, we can almost adopt a situation in the Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal Opportunities, in the Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal Opportunities,
However, I would like to stress a number of things in particular.
We are aware that the rights of Mrs tortured, the rights of Mrs Thatcher and the rights of the child fought a more liberal part of general human rights.
Simplified independence for women is essential for women to achieve real protection.
Poverty within both Europe and Europe affects poverty.
In the Beijing phase, in 1995, it is clear that the sexual Highlands is encouraging respect for the sexual Highlands and equality between men and women in matters of sexual relations and the Union' s internal trade.
The same has been made to accept different hues by different hues now.
The seasonal and so-called groups on the protection of the family and the most vulnerable groups are extremely active and they have been extremely active in the past couple of months, which has been involved in New York ahead in New Lanka.
So you are holding a constructive dialogue between governments and the demise of a constructive dialogue between governments.
I would like to appeal to the great Level Working Group of this Parliament to condemn the sabotage caused by these sabotage from the sabotage from the sabotage from which the sabotage is perpetrated by these sabotage from the sabotage by war.
In addition, I would also like to see the governments of the European Parliament and the delegation of the European Parliament which will be organised in a couple of weeks ago for the establishment of an area which is threatened with these groups.
It must be a Polish assembly which will be adopted by all the twelve points adopted by the Beijing Action Plan so that we are all working towards the rights of Mrs Izquierdo Rojo, so that we can be able to follow up and do not continue to be able to follow up - and not let them be repeated.
Mr President, the most important work of the two preparatory work and the fact that our approach is to be done in the last five years but, as has been said, we are not yet repeating the assessment of what has been done in the last five years - we have not just wait for new actions or analysis of how the activities are being used, as has been pointed out by the existing actions of the finances.
The European Commission is once again asking for a few specific measures but to make specific concrete measures.
In our opinion, the European Union should take a initiative, but a practical initiative, but a specific initiative, which is an important objective and clearly assess it as a matter of urgency.
In the whole of the problems, the question of the mutilation of female female farmers would be special attention.
We would like to know by the Commissioner, whether in relations with third countries the current clause on the mutilation of female female female sites must therefore be adopted so that they can act as quickly as possible and would therefore be able to benefit all countries which could allow them to be given more from the European Union.
This is an important problem and a great deal of practice which will continue to be carried out in the daily cycle of Europe.
Mr President, Commissioner, in my intervention in Beijing I would like to take the opportunity to inform the debate on equal opportunities, and I would like to take the opportunity for the role of the UN and the efforts of the UN in this matter, but also the important role of the Union in the light of the Beijing Action Platform.
In the interim session of the UN Trade conference, I believe it is necessary to have more and more effective policy in all areas of European and global policy which are still not being imposed on by Afghanistan and the Gulf producers, where women are still unable to do today.
This does not mean, of course, that we are dealing with the progress made by the European Union with regard to a strong presence of women in equal opportunities in equal opportunities in equal opportunities in the educational sector, and the success of women in all levels of educational operations, where there is a policy of equal opportunities and systems, where a policy of equal opportunities is not dependent on the nature of the various Member States.
Despite the lack of progress there are still serious problems with regard to inequality and discrimination. What has been done on the basis of the functioning of democracy and social costs because the valuable quality of employment is not fully involved in women.
For this reason, we must now set up a specific vision and specific objectives of strategies and operational objectives and operational objectives which will enable us to assess the progress made by the UN Trade Organisation to date which will take account of the progress made by ten years ago.
Our task is to fight discrimination against the labour market to promote women' s participation in social dialogue and combating drug violence against women.
We must make a fair modification of responsibility and obligations between both public and private life.
In short, we need to create a new institutional and social framework which is based on changing change and the problems and contradictions and contradictions which are becoming more open from a Munich rate.
The European Union and Member States should be able to move into this fight.
Mr President, I would firstly like to congratulate Mrs Gröner and Mrs Lienemann on her very excellent report.
This is not only the case for the 28 and the fifth Commission' s fifth action programme and I would like to assure you of the fifth action of the Commission, but I would like to assure you of all the more detailed and detailed political analysis of the data which is an excellent tool which should be an excellent tool for Member States.
Five years after Beijing we want to assess a evaluation assessment of the previous period.
As the speakers have said, there has been much room for improvement.
There must be no doubt that there is no doubt about our discussions and a resolution in New York. This is what happened in the face of our century is one of the most vulnerable continents in 2000.
In 1995, we have set up certain commitments which have been raised by Beijing by a certain number of items in Beijing we will have a detailed evaluation assessment of.
It was asked whether we at EU level are at EU level at EU level.
I would therefore like to ask you that the Commission has already been calling for information from all the Member States who have been able to obtain information and answers to all the Member States, which have been gathered and answers for all how e-money and donors are to be regulated.
We are entering a great deal of effort to create a comprehensive and practical amount of action which can be launched as soon as the year 1999 which I hope will be in two weeks' time.
It is therefore up to the considerable delay in this area.
As far as the report is concerned, I would like to focus on three aspects which have been given in accordance with the WTO line which we have seen in the context of the number of European countries.
The first is the recent changes in connection with the information society.
This transformation which is also based on the economy and the repercussions caused by the CFP are major challenges but also of great challenges, particularly in terms of the economic classes of the new technologies and women with a view to increasing the world of new technologies, and of course, a higher rate of production.
In this regard, I would like to stress the new objective of education, lifelong learning.
The second aspect is which democracy has to do with the information society in which democracy has to be adapted to the new forms of communication between citizens and politicians which will have to have the necessary technical resources.
There is, of course, the need for the issue of coordination of women to be able to take account of the issue of public treatment.
The third point, which states that the Member States are also involved, is the importance of violence against women, which would be a modern form of crime.
But we must be aware that the new hour is not only of electronic commerce but as it is in the economy, as it is in the economy, i.e. electronic trade with women and children.
These are naturally issues of innovative solutions and new ideas, and which we are not simply asking for to be given to the price that we have to have to do.
This is a number of the most important questions that have been dealt with in an assessment and which we have to adhere to the commitments made by the commitments made.
In Austria, I would stress that the negotiations are very difficult to achieve.
We will try to bring the progress to certain teaching of teaching and transnational powers and to bring the agenda into question.
It is particularly important to see how we can work in all areas in order to reach a new debate on the timetable and not return to our commitments in all areas, but still on our commitments and to make a new financial force for the implementation of these objectives, which we have to set up in the new period of future.
However, since the successful progress of any negotiations has always been carried out by the quality of the preparation of the preparation of the preparation of the preparation and the situation of our partners and, in my view, we need to see a particularly close cooperation with the Portuguese Presidency, as well as our partners and the situation of our partners as the Commission.
I do not need you to assure you that the Commission - and I personally personally have always come to the Portuguese Presidency to prepare the negotiations as well as possible.
Thank you, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
I would like to congratulate all the Members of the House on their positions, and I would like to thank all the members who have made their service so long for this long time.
(The sitting was closed at 11.50 p.m.)
Address by Mr Klestil, President of the Republic of the Republic of Procedure.
As President of the European Parliament, I have the honour and the great pleasure the President of the Republic of Presidents to be welcomed by Mr Westendorp.
.
After 8 April on 8 April on 8 April on 8 April on 8 April on 8 April the first and democratic elections.
This flagrant employment has already been the result of conflict and tension on the grounds of conflict and tension in the respect for this morning.
We all remember the images of this tragedy at the summer, in the summer, of course.
At that time, the courage to travel and the President of the people of the kind playing up the people and his president.
This is the way of free and democratic responsibility.
This event was also marked by the common European values of freedom, peace, democracy and respect for human rights.
This key component of our European culture is the most powerful feature of our European policies, and in the future.
The European Union is primarily a united front of the European Union.
I am pleased that they have been sent up for several decades to dictatorship which has been addressed to the State.
It is all its most part of the major European family which we want to see.
In 1996, the association agreement adopted a joint parliamentary committee in 1996 to ensure that the European Parliament is able to do likewise.
On 10 June 1996, your country will table membership of the European Union.
In March 1998, the negotiations were begun and I know that they are actively involved under the task of President Prodi by President Prodi and Commissioner Verheugen.
We know that you have a crucial role in the last ten years of the last ten years in the last ten years.
This is why I am extremely pleased to be here today to be here today.
Mr President, you are going to give you the floor to give you the floor.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, it is a great honour for me to talk about this House.
I am particularly pleased to see this honour to the 50th anniversary of the University of origin, France, Germany and other countries in order to reach a common economic policy on the basis of a common economic policy.
At this day the process of European integration.
This is your and our common organisation and I would like to congratulate you on this point.
I would like to thank you and assure you for the vision of a European Europe.
The most elected visit by the President of the European Parliament, Mrs Fontaine, who has shown me in your hands.
In her speech Mrs Fontaine has made its support for the European Parliament to make its support for the project for a European Europe to be kept clear that we will support the desire to strengthen the most up-to-date nature of one of our countries.
We must therefore prepare the founding principle of the European Union and the Union to prepare for enlargement to be able to prepare internal and external challenges.
This will only be achieved if we are to accept the existing balance between small and large countries and our efforts to build a Europe of citizens.
This seems to me to be particularly important because this is the importance of exclusion.
The discrepancies is the only real alternative for the future of humanity and the future of Europe.
However, the question of what principle is to be investigated.
I myself feel that they should be particularly satisfied with the experiences and the values which we have had to have and the values which we have had to do as prospects of the European democracy and which we have already declared the principles of this new Europe.
With regard to the experience that we are dealing with with the third millennium.
It is as part of our experience that we should be credible than the objectives of the rule of law and freedom of movement of the individual and freedom of movement of the individual and stability. It is as part of political policy and stability.
In addition to our experience of the founding markets, the founding principles of our coexistence must be regulated and strengthened.
This framework covers the law of the labour market.
At present, the level of information and communication technologies are only linked to the economies of economies and communications technologies.
The policy of this development is not step.
We must also create a global area of prosperity, a globalisation policy which can create social coherence by which social coherence can be created.
globalisation.
This could be a sort of sort of harmonisation" .
The aim of this type of policy is to create a global balance between the economic and economic cooperation of the world, a social and regional cooperation between the economic and regional cooperation of the world, the fight against nationalism, and the development of an international and regional cooperation, the fight against social justice and solidarity, together with social justice and the solidarity of the social justice and solidarity of organised crime.
This would perhaps be a way to prevent the lessons of the earlier political and military insecurity.
If we want to play a huge political responsibility in the world, it is so difficult to achieve a policy of common responsibility in Europe, which is currently in Europe, which is currently in Europe prior to the foundation of future Treaties.
The first steps to do is to achieve the common European policies - not only the foreign, defence and security policy - and also the European Charter of Human Rights and the European Charter of Human Rights.
Further steps to this effect are the efforts to reach a common crisis of external or internal crises in countries of the region in the region of armed conflict and therefore to prevent peace, security and prosperity in Europe.
An overall policy of common responsibility does not only mean that we do not want to prevent any action from the Community but also in order to relinquish this type of action, especially in particular that we relinquish this type of action.
In a open and open world unless Europe can only become a champion of sustainable development unless the internal globalisation is a decisive one, only if all parts of Europe are being integrated and no one of the worst available?
However, the Berlin wall are already being transferred to the threat of a new separation of Europe.
In reality, several European citizens are in reality.
For the one hand, the countries of the European Union and the CFP which are based on the basis of a long democratic tradition in Europe where human rights are respected, and which is based on the prospects for a new economic recovery, is not a single European currency.
This also includes some small countries which have a remarkable stake in the EU.
Europe.
Thirdly, Europe is committed to the countries of Eastern and Eastern Europe and southern Croatia, Bosnia and bombing Croatia, Croatia, Croatia, Croatia, Croatia, Croatia, Macedonia and the Czech Republic which they have not yet disappeared.
Some of these countries will never lead to specific aid there.
Furthermore, the group of countries which is currently participating in a membership of the countries which do not have a membership of EU membership.
This group plays a new ideological ideological separation from Europe.
We can call this fourth Europe.
In the light of the stability in south-eastern Europe, the stability in south-eastern Europe is largely shared by its ability to participate in the face of many of the most vulnerable groups of other party in the face of this fourth year.
The European unity in the construction of a sustainable network of peace and Montenegro.
There is no doubt that the risk of military business is not infectious!
This unity will be so important if Serbia is to be made in the process of democratic change in the process of democratic change and if the country is founded on its own responsibility.
This change will lead to a democratic, pluralist policy and for the efforts offered by the Serbian citizens to us to re-establish the Serbian people.
In other words, as other Balkan countries are concerned, it is important for us to create realistic prospects for strengthening European integration in the process of European integration and, in particular, for each country in order to support the same conditions without any kind of money.
It is not even the first Europe, not even the first Europe, not even of political or cultural changes which could be affected by the democratic structures.
I am thinking of a feeling of xenophobia and the hatred of racism and the hatred of racism, issues which are currently based on all the hell of the political parties?
This is not only fundamental values of pressure to face IT coexistence and our common future.
This phenomenon should lead to new barriers between us.
We have seen experience of this.
I think the reservations of some European countries about the stance of the Austrian Freedom Party and this reaction is no doubt whether they are affected by who are affected by the Austrian Freedom Party.
In addition to all the previous species, new prospects have been given to the effect that the information society is still facing a challenge for all areas of our life.
As a result, many of the evidence of the development of an Objective 1 is not in question.
The world is divided in a completely different way.
On the one hand, there is one of the unemployed and those who do not know any access to modern information technology.
They are trying to eat social exclusion and grow and they are being sold as a whole.
On the other hand, there are those who have given the necessary knowledge of the necessary education and so that a safe future.
This is a new model which recently has recently led to the issue of social cohesion in Lisbon.
At present, all countries of Europe are faced with same problems, and we all try to respond to these problems.
Of course, we do not do all about the same too.
However, it is important that we use all the solutions to our search for solutions to the same land.
The cornerstone of common values for coexistence have been distributed.
It is now necessary to make the opportunity to help those values.
In this respect, the new commitment to Europe should be given special importance to Europe as a whole, respect for respect and other values.
In this respect it is essential for the idea of maintenance of freedom of establishment, free movement of goods, freedom of movement of goods, freedom of movement and free movement of people, but also values of Europe, regardless of their individually ethnic and cultural or cultural parts of Europe.
This will lead to a strong identification of the same values in Europe to a strong identification of the same values in Europe.
This attitude would be the best guarantee to ensure that intolerance and housing are lost.
In the same way, it would have shown that no government could allow a European State, on behalf of the sovereignty or of the principle of non-interference in internal affairs of the rights of the individual or human rights of all citizens.
If this has to happen, the remaining States should be allowed to act and make it clear to all adopt.
It is perhaps the first step in this direction.
The value of basic human rights has been granted to the value of basic government sovereignty.
The systematic and persistent violation of human rights should not be seen as an internal issue of a different State, but as a matter of concern to the international community as a matter of urgency.
The time is available to the start of a new era. The start of a new era.
In particular, Europe and the EU should adopt a common position.
The right way towards globalisation is based on the enlargement of the European Union and the accession of all European countries.
This is a delicate task, because it is a difficult task, as the European Union has one other political objection than the current Members.
It is about the countries which have been lost in two parts of the world than in two parts of the world and to the ideological East.
The truth is that only this enlargement can be achieved by means of genuine integration and globalisation of Europe, just as it can be possible through the previous separation of Europe and the West and that a common European future for both sides.
These countries which have been forced into a different culture would have been forced into a different culture in European integration, it would also demonstrate that they are again killing their self-proclaimed civilisation.
We must not forget that these countries have also been achieved in a short space of time to which they have been resolved relatively short in the EU and Western Europe.
Perhaps the great beneficiaries are the great ones to ensure that the development of EU relations with both members and the candidate countries will benefit from the whole candidate countries.
A delay in the direction of enlargement would be that Europe has not yet heard that it is not enough to come from history and that internal globalisation is not as important as an important objective.
It would also mean that Europe gives its influence and its presence in the world.
This high-quality step is also covered by the Member States.
Finally, it is a step from the outset that it is a step forward from the bottom of the land.
The decision on enlargement is a completely new risk, so that the dilemma is made up to the notion of which the EU is entitled.
I am particularly thinking of the implementation and important institutional reforms within the EU to ensure that the willingness to take up new members and to the postponement of the European Union for enlargement.
This is not once again the specific interests of individual Member States.
The task of the principle of the principle of the principle of Europe should be advisable and the transition to direction in the time direction, and the transition to us is not to establish any delay of enlargement, or the requirements which have been met.
Even the candidate countries are a dilemma and there is uncertainty and there is a gap in itself.
It is becoming increasingly the impression that the objective of the objective is to be seen in the event of the fact that the objective of the better countries that have the feeling that they have the feeling that they have to have the feeling that they have the feeling that they have to be forced to return.
It is important to establish clarity and transparency and it would certainly be helpful if both parties are not always working on them.
The EU should not be a pretext for the problems in the candidate countries as a pretext for their own reform and the candidate countries, not the difficulties in the internal market based on its own reform which must be held in the European Union.
Such learning are the prospects for a positive development of the future of Europe and the interests of bilateral demands and the interests of individual countries and the interests of individual countries.
This also applies, to the demands which their origin in the past have been revised in the past and in which the history of the Second World War section should be revised by the second World War conflict.
In addition to this type of affairs of strength from the European Union, the main concern of strength is to include those who are in the more position and that their right to join the European Union.
I should like to mention my speech from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy.
I was opposed to discrimination against discrimination when the Italian Government had determined its veto on the signing of the common organisation of the foreign exchange agreement with its founding view of the agreement between Italy and former Yugoslavia.
At the end of the day, the end of the compromise was put at the end of the extraordinary compromise.
I mention this does not mention old signals but because in current negotiations we are also going to be able to be able to be able to be able to vote in favour of the same negotiations.
For example, this applies, for example, to the case of transfers from property property to the previous democracies, that was to say the Second World War, which was to be brought to the end of the Strasbourg war.
This has led to Yugoslavia in the face of Yugoslavia in the face of Yugoslavia, which has always been the most powerful conventions of the game and which had the effect of corruption and Canada.
This does not mean they do not accept their conditions and we hope that this will be achieved in the European Union.
If we want to achieve European integration and a functioning and open approach to the European future, then I believe that bilateral issues should be made in the light of the bilateral issues in the European Union and by the members of the EU.
It is a small country.
These days suffer in a multinational political community, in a multinational political community, and two military states.
We have seen how the laws which we are talking about. It is not worthy of our own identity and we have not finished what is to be dealt with in society and we are not in the law.
The most serious problem was the violence in the way in which the violence is lost during the medium and its people.
We have the right to deal with our existence as a nation.
This is why we want to see the efforts of those who have a common European Parliament based on the basis of a open autonomy of national and other kind of society.
Being a life in diversity is the key for the success of Europe, as a foundation for its future.
Our experience of history and the future of our citizens is that we neither nor the future we neither ourselves nor the future institutions.
It is not enough for all of these institutions and is prepared to give its contribution to the help of the nations of Europe but it is not prepared to pay for an unacceptable price for it.
It will not be the end of 2002.
We welcome the fact that the EU Member States have tried to act at this time when the candidate countries are looking at the best way to achieve the enlargement of the Union.
We should be finalised in order to present the negotiations in the next year.
We are convinced that the current progress will be made in the negotiations.
Finally, I would like to stress that I do not want to see globalisation and European integration as a whole.
The positive impact of these processes is also a very clear idea of the framework conditions for training in the individual form of personal taxation and trade.
This is not just the freedom and autonomy of the Community' s history, but also freedom of social groups, political and economic prosecution and judicial prosecution and judicial traditions.
This freedom of freedom has mainly been given to the lives of the people in human beings, their attachment to certain values.
It is fully respect for these freedoms to respect the foundation of European democracy.
We need to create a model of the world economy in general.
The alternatives are well known.
If we do not succeed in this new millennium, it will not simply be possible to establish a single European policy on the basis of the past, not simply in a European Union and in a open European policy which will be a genuine European Union' s common responsibility in a open European policy but in the past.
The first decade of the new century and millennium
I am convinced that a European Europe will be more than men and women.
Madam President, I can only agree with Mr Buttiglione just on behalf of the Group of the European People' s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, which I would like to remind you of all the suffering that the Italian population of the Socialist population has had to face during the end of the second week and now during the former Yugoslavia.
It was then a real ethnic cleansing system and there is still a continuing ethnic cleansing and there is still a fact that there are still other Italian claims that their rights are.
We are concerned with the lack of serious vision and we do not want to leave the events of the past.
The Europe at the present time and that is what we are all working together is not perfect if we manage to rebuild the past.
It can only be possible if the atrocities of the spectre of grants.
I would also ask you to intervene in the government to intervene in order to intervene in the government and to intervene with the Members of the Commission to be able to conduct the establishment of an Objective 1 into the European Union.
Madam President, we are well aware of President Khatami to build its attachment to Europe and the good stability which has also been made.
We are not talking about talking about this, but I should like to emphasise that this is a matter which I would like to stress and I would like to stress that the message which Mr Solana has put forward.
All this should not be done in question why I believe that you should be a clear amendment.
We have a loyalty to your wisdom and your request.
Thank you, Mrs Cauquil.
I would like to mention the three Members who have just spoken to him in order to give him the comments and thoughts of the honourable Member, and I can assure him that I can count on him very much on what you said very much about what you said said.
I believe that these words are very many of the views expressed by many of the Members, and I would like to thank you that I will be able to inform you that I will be aware of what is to be done.
communications.
I have two factual concerns.
I hope that you will be replaced by e-mail by e-mail with the greatest difficulties that have been found in some shape of the building.
The Quaestors have done everything hard to overcome this situation.
They have been subjected to the German company in which there is a number of shortcomings in which a number of shortcomings which we are looking at as quickly as possible.
I would like to thank the Quaestors for their efforts in particular to the chairman of the Committee on Budgets.
I have been immediately informed of the NATO authorities and the Fisheries Committee and the Fisheries Committee in which all the relevant authorities are getting informed of all the relevant documents.
You have received this communication by e-mail by e-mail with e-mail by e-mail by e-mail
Madam President, it is totally unacceptable that a lot of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of people has been fighting because of a fact-finding scale and this has not even been detected in a fact-finding way as a result of the people who work in him.
I assume that this problem is the problem in the negotiations on the ground in relation to the building of the buildings in its efforts to reduce the cost of the cost of European taxpayers' citizens.
The second communication which I have received by the French Government is also an expression of a temporary attack on the loss of one of our members Mr Le Martínez.
You remind me that I have informed our House that I was informed of our Rules of Legal Affairs and the Committee on Legal Affairs at this issue.
The Committee on Legal Affairs has made a number of all aspects of the issue in particular.
I would like to thank the President of the House for the efforts for their efforts to prepare for their efforts.
There was a very lively debate yesterday yesterday and yesterday at night p.m. I was the letter to Mrs Palacio regarding the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs on this situation.
To prevent and avoid redundancy to me I would make you that letter to you.
In its meeting of 16 May 2000, the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market explained again with the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
The Committee on Budgetary Control is aware that the admission of the French Republic of Presidents was submitted to Mr Le Pen on Amendment No 21 in the Official Journal of the French Republic of April 2000.
At the same time, the Committee states that, as far as the case is concerned, it is true that the right to postpone this right to participate in the interests of profit, is based on the possibility of persuading the effectiveness of the lowest level of responsibility for the preservation of the environment.
In the light of the point of view of the situation, this House does not wish to remind Parliament that Parliament will not take the correct procedure to attend to Mr Le Pen in order to take account of the fact that the committee can be able to attend to the Council.
This was the case by Mr Purvis, as a precedent has been made that the European Parliament will be informed, at the end of the day, only after the end of the day, even after the end of the day, even after a decision of the same type.
That is the letter which I was Commissioner Palacio tonight on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
I thank her once again.
The opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
Madam President, I have asked to ask the floor to request that Parliament adopt Parliament in accordance with Article 7 of the Rules of Procedure.
If you allow me to go to my motion.
Of course, Mr Barón Crespo.
Madam President, Article 7.
I request that this is correct, and I would like to express my appreciation to the Legal Affairs Committee that has been a broad discussion on this issue because I believe that there are two vital aspects.
One of them is respect for parliamentary law and the treaties.
The Legal Affairs Committee received the Legal Affairs Committee in the letter to his President of Monday and I have just heard to him - Article 12 of the European Parliament' s Members of the European Parliament from the European Parliament' s Party of European Parliament in which I am referring to the fact that the European Parliament will be able to keep the European Parliament informed of this Member State of the European Parliament.
The first is that a Member State of origin is a rule of law, as France, which is based on the basis of a coordinated framework and the executive ...
(The President cut the speaker off)
We will see the sitting for a moment to break up.
(The sitting was suspended at 1.40 p.m. and resumed at 4.05 p.m.)
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr Staes has pointed out liability.
It seems to me that it does not seem to me to be a kind of hot but it is not so distressing that we should be ashamed.
Nevertheless, we will be immediately able to give an answer to the fact that I wanted to say quite a relatively controversial case - in respect of his state of view.
I would like to thank both the two words that have been made immediately and which I have made these information.
I would also like to tell you that this kind of event has been made clear as long as the time before the health service is concerned.
That could be done all sectors and because it really needs to be done.
I shall give the floor to Mrs Banotti, who immediately wants to say so that the Quaestors are prepared to take measures to make things more effective.
Madam President, as one of our colleagues said, we all have all the world' s greatly affected.
I am extremely pleased that it does not seem to be so serious as to how it is.
I am therefore certain, therefore, to help to help to help us.
We must be aware of the fact that the women' s health status in this week is extremely worrying.
Unfortunately, it has been very long for Mr Staes in the Chamber.
I would like to suggest on behalf of the honourable Member, I would like to suggest that we have had a proper incident in the Chamber so that we cannot even afford to achieve such a time idea.
I am very glad that he is not being accused of being accused of how it were, but we must not just be doing ourselves with the conditions but also the establishment of some MEPs from us.
For many of the things that this week has launched this week particularly harmful.
Thank you, Mrs Banotti.
I believe that this kind is completely unrelated to the age of age.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, as I have said, I have to say that I have to say to my fellow Member, that the time has come to the head of the world to the arrival of any single world to the arrival of each single country.
And as the official Khmer ) with all the necessary intentions, and I agree with my fellow Member who is also in favour of aid - and I agree with my fellow Member who has also had the same.
I am very satisfied with the modus operandi and the action of the parliamentary service of Parliament.
Madam President, maybe we will have been able to hold a few or long decision, that the medical services are not in dispute.
It would perhaps be said that it would be moving into the way in which we should address the question at all.
Ladies and gentlemen, let you simply look at the top?
.
First of all, I would like to remind Mr Staes ladies and gentlemen, I would like to remind Mr Staes and the media to learn that we do not want to get bogged down to our fellow people, that a life where lives are always polluted in the lives of health.
And in the end, we have seen it as such.
I would like to refer to the issue of the issue in which we discussed the request of my group, that Parliament takes place on this issue in accordance with the Rules of Procedure.
I was referring to paragraph 2(2) in accordance with Article 12 of the noisiest legal base. The chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs sent a proper legal basis.
This paragraph is evident from this paragraph which led to the fact that the present national regulations have been laid down in a Member State and that this Member State would be responsible for the same line.
France is a lot.
There is one time the government, it has been available to us and that the European Parliament must take part in accordance with the Treaties and to the parliamentary right.
I have been aware of the current letter - that I am not familiar with the current letter - that the present letter will be authorised.
Of course, it is incumbent upon them and my group to do so.
However, in this case there are two reasons for the first reading of Mr Zavvos for the first time for the first because of an Objective 1 and second expression - because Mr Rapkay has made his right to act completely.
This is a year for a year and the right to intervene in the hands of the French language has been used.
I do not want to go into a discussion on the legal right that I am not proud of.
I believe that the provisions of the Treaties and our legislation must take account of the decision of the French state.
That is the way in which I do not agree with the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
In any event, I believe that this proposal is not confirmed by the European Parliament and I will be able to vote against this proposal and that my group will be voting against it.
Madam President, I speak as a coordinator of the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party in the European Parliament.
I am referring to the letter by the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee, which you have just underlined.
Yesterday, I was a letter of the wisdom of the Committee on Legal Affairs at the moment as a matter of urgency, because it was decided that the Commissioner should not accept the Commissioner, rather than calling for a later meeting.
The comments you have put forward is made by your personal opinions, which was the leader of the House and perhaps other Members, but it does not reflect the position of the Committee on Legal Affairs.
In particular, the Socialist Group has said that this Parliament is just the possibility of extending the lid on the part of the French Government, that the decision of the French Government will be without any avail at the same time.
There was an opportunity to comment on and I found that this will mean a new vote.
It was not a vote and I therefore repeat - the points of view of Mrs Palacio' s personal position on the basis of your personal position, but not the Council' s Legal Affairs Committee.
.
Madam President, first of all I would like to say that we are very aware of the situation in which we are concerned with a few specific intentions, and we are therefore working on the basis of the basic sense of common sense and, more generally on the general principles of law.
It is our duty, that the Rules of Procedure are not just enough to do what is to do in a situation where this is happening.
Secondly, there is no confusion on which I think that there is no confusion in my view.
Madam President, the Committee on Legal Affairs has made a responsibility for the appropriate decision.
In order to achieve an environmental basis, the Committee on Legal Affairs is whether or not there is a purely technical examination by a parliamentary body of Parliament, which is one of Parliament' s recommendation for a lawful body of Parliament, which is the right of Parliament to take it up to the decision.
I respect the statement made by Mr Zavvos
His Committee on Legal Affairs was referred to and carefully examined in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
Let me tell you what was said in this committee.
First of all, Mr Hager that the passage of the electronics industry does not go beyond the fact that the Golan Heights are treated in this case and in this case is a demonstration of violence in a criminal manner.
I do not share this view and that is the right right, because it is in both cases.
We now want to analyse the reason for genocide against Fridays.
The condemnation of this type of affairs is unacceptable.
The condemnation of violence is the most pressing.
The second point of departure from Mr Barón Crespo, is that it is no mistake that Mr Le Pen has not been admitted that Mr Le Pen is going to be able to start against it.
I do not agree with this as the majority of the NATO Supervisory Committee, as Mr Le Pen has not exceeded the time limit for the submission of this land.
That is why we cannot afford to make any case in which the French law was guaranteed by the French law in a certain case.
I would now like to make the floor by Mr Medina Ortega that is what I hear,
I want to find this objectively. I believe that it would be totally arbitrary and more useful.
However, as chair of my capacity as an MEP, I must say that the two letter consists of a supplementary question.
First of all, the Committee on Legal Affairs tells us that the Committee on Legal Affairs did not take a decision at this stage because it does not go at the same time because it is not a trivial one.
In a second paragraph you said that there will be more talk about this question.
The second document refers to the outcome of the second committee and all members of the Committee on Legal Affairs and all the members of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
It was never said that a vote should be taken on a vote but it was an item on the point that I personally would like to propose an end to the point of order as rapporteur.
That is why a vote was made on the issue - and I have been aware of the following: I have been aware of the following:
The vote was taken in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
Having said that, Madam President, this debate was raised and why it was not accepted in principle, and that was the case in principle, in principle.
Of course, in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, since it was not included in the agenda last day, it was not to be voted on to vote on the agenda and I did not think it was possible to vote in favour of the fact that we rejected all the speakers - and we rejected it in other respects.
It is true that there is a unanimous agreement on a proposal that has been presented to a proposal.
This is seen as an exception.
I would now like to point out a point of order.
Madam President, Article 7 concerns this point in order.
We should consider that this paragraph should not be done and I will be grateful for the reason to make it clear that Parliament can adopt a proposal.
Madam President, there is no proposal to proceed in this Chamber.
I believe that good faith in this House must be in the position of this House if we are to vote in favour of the vote, so that everyone can be able to vote in favour of the vote and not on the basis of another and not on the basis of one or other party when one or other Members of the House think that most of the Members are talking about it.
Therefore, if the President is to continue this path is fully necessary and the report of the Committee on Legal Affairs would be absolutely necessary to do so.
Go for it!
... and that the plenary is a question of dealing with the fact that there is no pragmatic document and there is a legal point which needs to be complied with.
It is totally inappropriate in contrast to the genetic Rules of Procedure.
(Applause)
... ... Madam President, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs, a majority on a legal basis and that we cannot keep this loss of judgement.
Go for it!
Madam President, I think that this article is not worded in accordance with this article and I will tell you why this Parliament has not called for a political vision to play a political vision of political significance.
It is only a matter of urgency.
I assume that the President of the European Parliament must take this decision and it is possible to establish the Rules of Procedure that it has to discuss with the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
There can be an analysis of the reasons why we are going to do, and I have already been prepared to do so.
Go for it!
Madam President, you can urge any other internal body to consultation consultation and, in particular, ...
(The President cut the speaker off)
However, the Conference of Presidents cannot consider this proposal but Parliament cannot consider this proposal.
(The President cut the speaker off)
We will not even accept the debate which has taken place in the past.
However, it was perfectly normal that we have received the chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs who had a very difficult and thorough piece of work.
I assume full responsibility for this matter.
I have, of course, well aware of the Treaty, but I would like to see the responsibility of the Treaty.
I have preferred to accept Article 7 of our Rules of Procedure in order to clarify a position of the Committee on Legal Affairs because I believe that it was a totally sensitive question.
That is why I wanted no political considerations to be found and that the case of the honourable Members will be treated as a matter of this House in any other Member of this House.
I think that this House must always act in a sense of consistency.
In this case, the leader of the House has the opportunity to address the way in which they have a favourable effect.
If the European Parliament is aware that it will be appropriate to adopt a decision.
In other words, it is the possibility of calling for the organisation and the red tape which was not complied with.
Because, if the Minister could say that it could be successful to tell us about the new delegates and give her the old colleague Mr Berenguer Fuster.
You are able to present the situation.
This is a very serious responsibility for the Commission but also for our Parliament.
I have therefore received Article 7 of Amendment No 7. It seems to me that the position of the Legal Affairs Committee, and the Legal Affairs Committee is a opinion.
I would again like to thank the committee again for the many hours who have made his chairman and his MEPs.
Well, this opinion was not strictly adhered and I do not think it is absolutely necessary.
I am able to say that my decision is worthy of my decision.
Mr Barón Crespo, Mr Barón Crespo has said that I have listened to the attention and the link between the competent committee and I quote: "deplores the competent committee in its proposal to express Parliament informed of Parliament' s proposal.
This is our point of order.
Having said that we have asked the Members who asked for this to be asked and I would prefer you to see the whole debate of the Committee on Legal Affairs and it would be questionable if Parliament were to vote on the position of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, we would be voting at the moment.
This is therefore my proposal.
There is no old solution and I think we should try to act openly and fair to act.
We do not want this morning' s decision.
I would ask you to be brief and then we will take the decision which we all believe.
Our decision will take place, as it is a very serious question.
I would like to remind you that the Commissioner is proving to be aware that the Commissioner is damaged.
Madam President, because of course what is of course a good thing, I would like to see the position of our Group.
The person who is talking about is a political opinions which I would like to make a large proportion of this.
But there is a right of all Members of the European Union and a right, which I am always defend to defend it.
If there is a judicial court against one Member State then we must take the result of this action until we shall have a final decision.
If the information is correct, Mr Hänsch - I did not have a chance to speak about your previous President of this House, let me say that we have had a chance to discuss this last President of the first President of our previous President at the same time, so that we will first wait to wait for a decision.
What was done right now, was not correct.
That means that we are the right of each of Parliament, where it is politically sovereignty-sensitive.
Our group will always be able to participate in other political groups.
We will also defend these rights because it is our common rights.
If we stand the right right, then we are faced with the European Union.
We therefore want to defend the right and defend it for all.
(Applause)
Madam President, the representatives of our Group and the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, and the Internal Market, of our Group have one of the representatives of our group in this committee.
We are fully aware of the political bodies which have been made.
But we do not want this matter politically to be regulated.
We, in our Group have been the result that the position of the Committee on Legal Affairs is unnecessary.
However, I would like to say that if this House will vote on whether or not Mr Le Pen will be voting on whether or not the majority of the French members of our Group will be voting for them.
I think that Mrs Morgan, I think it is clear that we are not going to vote on the postponement of the immunity of tomorrow' s sitting.
We are working in accordance with Rule 7 of the Rules of Procedure, which I base the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
This proposal has now been drawn up and this is precisely the case with regard to Rule 7. This is precisely the case with regard to Rule 7.
I have to say that I have a request for Parliament' s opinion and I do not think it is the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs that the Committee on Legal Affairs is not the opinion of the Committee on Budgetary Control but to see who wishes to see that we vote on it.
Is that all the most pressing.
(Interruption from Mrs Hautala' s lack of saying that Mrs Pack, it is not a question of the substantive vote but only if the question of the agenda were to be asked.
We hope that Parliament will decide today on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs today and we hope that ...
The letter is gradually being distributed.
I am speaking as the spokesperson for the ELDR Group.
It is clear that this matter has been extremely controversial in our committee and the House can agree to the House that it is a very difficult question.
I think it is wrong to understand that if this House is taking this place on a great deal of what Mr Barón Crespo said about this issue.
This does not require absolute surprises in the Rules of Procedure.
As I understand it, Madam President, as I understand it, the Commission is taking note of the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, but there is no very sensible proposal.
According to the Rules of Procedure, Parliament has rightly criticised the right of a proposal, but it seems that there is only a position and not a proposal.
If we are in a position to express our opinion about this, then we should move more time and we should be able to give more time for a thorough vote, before we move forward to a definitive vote.
Madam President, I think that this history is quite wrong.
In the light of this point of view, I think it is clear that if you recognise the issue of this question in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, I think they are in agreement with the lifting of parliamentary immunity and the refusal of parliamentary immunity.
However, this is not the case and in this climate of confusion in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the outcome of this proposal is therefore a matter of order.
So the things are over.
I am totally in agreement with Mr Poettering, when he says that the right to respect the law.
The French right is whether it is whether or not it is or against it itself.
In this case, the French right states that the government should be able to act on the basis of an advisory basis, and it must be the case that the government must be measured on the rapid reaction facility, and we have not yet heard any other option than that.
That may well be a good or ideology, but I would like to clarify this.
Madam President, I would like to make a point of order.
Mr President, I would like to remind Mr Wurtz that decisions are not taken by a simple court in view of the fact that decisions are not made by a simple court.
He should be a little more specific.
Indeed Mr Wurtz was not in the position of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
So it is not the case to criticise a confusion which has not hitherto existed.
This is a political exercise, but it is a legal legal concept.
The position of the Committee on Legal Affairs is a very simple.
The decision is not lawful. Mr President, no decision is taken in place.
If the President of the House wants to see this, then it would be appropriate to do so as chair of the committee, to do so on the basis of a specific report.
We cannot go on at length with legal matters and five minutes later, a politically complex text on legal conflicts on the grounds of internal criminal law of French criminal law which does not seem to be even clear for all Members of this House and not to the former 40 of this House.
If you should vote in favour of this Parliament that this Parliament is not going to have a report on the committee' s report.
Ladies and gentlemen, many speakers have been distributed.
I think we need to find a simple solution.
I would like to ask you for information which Mr Purvis, but the letter sent by Mr Purvis, in connection with the case of the former Foreign Minister sent to the former Foreign Minister for Foreign Affairs, Transport and Rural Foreign Minister.
I am referring to the most important themes of the transport process, the most important area of the transport process, I think it would be appropriate to put it to the effect that the Commission has opted for.
The decision made by the filing term on the suspension of the deferment seems directly proportionnelle".
As you can see, but I have also taken account of the way in which my predecessor took into similar situations in similar situations because justice is a reality.
This is a difficult situation.
I would suggest that we would urge the Committee on Legal Affairs to give us a real proposal to give us a real proposal, because some of you believe that the letter was not made in accordance with the Rules of Procedure.
Personally, I would like to make the point of view of the Rules of Procedure where it intends to comply with Parliament' s proposal.
So if Parliament is to vote in favour of a proper proposal, we will authorise the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Committee on Legal Affairs which we shall then vote in order to vote at 12 noon.
I believe we need to be able to get this situation up with this situation.
I will therefore ask the two possible solutions.
Either we remain in the current situation, i.e. Mrs Palacio and waiting for the outcome of all the members of our fellow Members who wish to discuss the way in which the members of our fellow Members are beginning to take a real proposal, or that the Committee on Legal Affairs will be a real proposal.
.
I am sorry that I have to say that I have a moment but we must not vote on here, because we have not voted in mind.
If we have a committee a committee, then we must have a document for this mandate and we need a document which is clearly defined by this summit.
We did not have this document.
That is why I welcome the way in which we are going to adopt a vote.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start by congratulating Mr Barón Crespo and the Socialist Group.
We are in a position and I would like to see your desire to listen to Mr Le Pen and I would like to say that Mr Le Pen will not respond to the negotiations.
