Finally , I would like to say that I am completely unacceptable that the American authorities lose sight of the risks of this type of accident .
If you look at the development of certain types of cancer in the United States and the growth rate of growth in the American population , it should be borne in mind that all the countries involved in the USA should be separated .
I therefore hope that the new ban on the use of the use of this type of traffic in Europe will be passed on to the American consumer and consumer services , so that we can no longer see any further discussion on this subject within the WTO .
Mr President , I would like to start by thanking the rapporteur Mr Olsson for his report and the committees for their opinions on the proposal for a directive on the European Parliament and Council Directive 96 / 22 on the ban on the use of certain substances in animal production .
The purpose of the Commission &apos; s proposal is to increase our food safety and fulfil our international obligations in the framework of the convention on the application of veterinary legislation , which is so similar to the so @-@ called Wild Framework Convention .
This House is sufficiently aware that the current ban on the use of the use of depleted uranium weapons was challenged by the World Trade Organisation and that , in the final decision of 1998 , the risk of risk assessment of alternative animals has been criticised by the European Community .
As you know , the Commission has introduced an additional risk assessment of this kind of action plan , which has been made into account by the explanatory statement on risk assessment by the WTO declaration .
In April 1999 , the Scientific Committee published by the Scientific Committee &apos; s Scientific Committee responsible for the possible harmful effects on the possible effects of insurance products in beef and mammals .
This opinion was scrutinised and confirmed in May 2000 .
It was noted that no of the six @-@ year tests for bovine animals could be calculated as a result of the six @-@ year system .
With regard to the 17 @-@ resistant 17 @-@ boxes movement , which seemed to be considered as a carcinogenic issue , the reason for this is that it is a carcinogenic issue , as it was both environmentally friendly and more productive .
Further information is established for the other five years .
In the case of these conclusions , the Commission proposed first and foremost that it is a carcinogenic substance that is a carcinogenic substance to ban the payment of animals in animals .
Secondly , the Commission proposed that the ban on the rest of the remaining five @-@ year plan should be maintained until there is total scientific information .
This measure will be periodically monitored and is therefore in line with our international obligations .
I am delighted that the report supports this approach .
In addition , the Commission has also provided the necessary legal basis for adaptation to the final and interim administrative framework within the framework of the river industry in order to enable new information to be made available to enable us to respond to new information and to make it more profitable .
I am extremely sorry that the introduction of the penal code was not supported by the report .
Many of you are well aware of this issue .
I have dealt with the question of applying the issue of application of the copyright procedure with you , and I note that the Commission &apos; s request has not been accepted in the amendments tabled .
I would ask Parliament to reconsider its position in this respect , because I think it is very important that the question of the issue of business is taken seriously .
If Parliament insists on the adoption of the annexes in the framework of the merger and not the defence reserve , then I believe that it is not sufficient to ensure that consumers in this debate are concerned , both in relation to BSE and with this particular issue .
How can we justify a thorough delay in the adaptation and approval of the authorisation once a Commission &apos; s proposal has recommended , for example , another investigation into the list ?
How can this be justified ?
One of the speakers said that this is a political issue .
I reject this position .
This is a scientific question .
That is precisely the reason for the WTO .
There is a little cause for concern if Parliament is to remain in its position on this subject , if Parliament does not agree that it is not acceptable , but the codecision procedure is the most popular .
I have all seen that .
I have already had such a debate with Parliament and I know what I am doing .
Ladies and gentlemen , Members of Parliament will appear to be voting on the matter , and that is what we are doing .
It is not clear what they are going to vote on precisely what they are going to vote on , because they are not informed about this particular issue .
I also feel that so many people are going to vote on a matter of so far @-@ reaching importance for consumers , without being aware of the fact that the consumer is at risk by using the procedure , by means of a clear scientific recommendation with its help and based on a clear scientific recommendation in the annex to the annex .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would urge you to reconsider your position on this matter and to give greater priority to the increased priorities .
If you look at the question of more than more important than the interinstitutional link between Parliament and the Commission on whether or not a full decision should be taken in such cases .
This is a scientific activity which is based on scientific recommendations : it is a fact that the Commission is taking part in an annex which will be included in an annex , and Parliament is responsible for this issue .
I have already made reference to this subject , and I have already pointed out that I am not taking away with Parliament &apos; s position on the matter when it comes to discussing this issue .
Therefore , ladies and gentlemen , I urge you to take serious account of the rights of consumers , the question of adequate consumer protection and also to think that a food safety authority will take place next year .
It is going to take a job into account .
If there is a danger , then it can be recommended that the executive will take place immediately .
Sometimes this means that the Commission will introduce a legislative solution .
If it is to be implemented correctly , it will be possible to make a rapid reaction to the consumer .
But if this is possible only in the codecision procedure , it will come to delays .
Allow me now to comment specifically on the amendments proposed in this report and on Mrs Grossetête &apos; s amendment .
I will start with the requests that the Commission cannot accept .
The Commission can accept Amendments Nos 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 7 , 9 and 10 , which I have already explained .
Nor can it be able to support Amendments Nos 12 , 13 and 14 , in which the introduction of the establishment of the electoral system in favour of establishing the lists and the final rule of prohibited substances is rejected .
Amendment No 1 concerns a sound justification for the decision to retain the ban .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment because the results of all future research will be extended .
Amendment No 2 requires the Commission to finance research in the five for five substances for the five use of prohibited substances .
That is not acceptable .
Neither Community law nor the WTO is covered by a legal obligation to finance research .
On the contrary , the WTO demands risk assessment by means of all the scientific data available .
Such studies are not , however , excluded from the European Union &apos; s defence policy .
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 3 and 11 , which calls for effective environmental protection for health protection .
I should like to point out that there is already a lack of interest in both the Member States and at Community level .
For example , particularly in accordance with Directive 96 / 23 of the Council , the Council Directive 96 / 23 of the Council is already monitoring .
The Commission has also proposed that the provisions of the directive should not apply to animals to be dealt with by 1 July by 1 July .
Mrs Grossetête proposes in her Amendment No 15 to make it possible to make appropriate alternatives .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment on health grounds because of its clear scientific knowledge .
In addition , a study has resulted in the fact that there are sufficient alternatives to the transfer of therapeutic treatment for therapeutic purposes of therapeutic or physical ends .
This study should be made available to Parliament as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the Commission can accept Amendment No 8 , Amendment No 8 , which deals with scientific data , which deals with scientific data since they are helpful to the text .
Finally , I would like to thank Mr Olsson once again for his excellent report and his support on this important issue .
To summarise , the Commission can accept Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 6 , 6 , 6 , 9 , 7 , 9 and 10 , which relate to the safety rate , 12 , 13 , 13 , 14 and 15 .
On the other hand , it can accept Amendment No 8 and in principle Amendment No 10 which deals with scientific data .
Mr President , needless to say , I respect Commissioner Byrne &apos; s position which is a subsidy @-@ keeping .
But what we want to achieve is not an extension of the procedure ; it is a question of having a discussion in this respect , as many other concerns , which do not have scientific clarity .
Yesterday , I was in Stockholm with a representative of the American Congress , which was not the European idea of science .
We must therefore not discuss only scientific issues in this Chamber , but also because of what is based on ethics , the various positions and the precautionary principle .
This is a fundamental political debate and not the delay in the procedure .
Thank you , Mr Olsson .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 11 a.m .
The new boundaries of the book of a book
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O , Mr Youth , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new borders , on electronic transport , electronic commerce and sub @-@ call for demand ( 2000 / 2027 ( INI ) &#93; .
Mr President , I would like to start by saying that this report is important , and I have indicated that some authors have identified their own works in favour of their own works : video equipment , Olympic Vinci , and a man from my own country .
In my home country , this works , the rich country , the rich tradition of cultures , culture and history are , of course , different .
I think that you are thinking of thinking and my view .
The background of my work was invested by the rapporteur , which many people are happy to read .
Rather , I am thinking in particular of access to alternatives , ideas and opportunities .
I come from very simple ground and in a poor area with little opportunities and modest prospects .
But when I am going to forgive me when I am going to describe the books , many other people have also had a lot of trouble .
I am very grateful to the authors and the perpetrators of these books that they could allow me , and I see it as my duty , to ensure that other people can make this experience too .
So what is this report ?
I would simply like to make it absolutely clear that , in our final era , the framework conditions which apply in the Member States to be subject to the protection of intellectual property law , taxation , demand or subsidies are still being applied in the new era .
books are always more than just a use of something and in a world that is increasingly important to goods .
The electronic commerce model represents four specific areas : electronic books , on the second on demand , the Internet economy and the Internet economy .
We must ensure that we have the necessary political ideas with which a comprehensive strategy is established which will allow all these developments .
So what do I want to do with this report ?
First of all , we must promote a strong growth and development of these areas , and the broad use of the media in Europe .
We need an affordable access to these media for all Europeans and the necessary mediation .
We should continue to promote linguistic and cultural diversity by means of the use of electronic commerce and to facilitate the modernisation of the traditional publishing industry in a world of e @-@ commerce .
In order to achieve this objective , we must take the appropriate policies which allow for such growth to exist and ensure that all citizens have their choice and access .
Therefore , in my report , a number of demands are made .
The EU &apos; s institutions have a major role to play in ensuring future growth .
First , the Commission can create a comprehensive political approach towards developing this sector .
Secondly , we can all help to promote policies which promote young people and promote the digital exclusion .
The Commission can and should support and develop mechanisms for developing SMEs in this sector , and we should also ensure that the workers of the industry take the opportunity to ensure the protection of the authors of the authors and interests of the industry and ensure that the employees of the industry are given the opportunity to develop their powers in the new age .
Member States should ensure that the existing traffic conditions are carried out and codes of analytical treatment for the electronic environment .
All of this is in the context of our options and , hence , I recommend to the House that , in the almost completely present House , he will have a variety of models , so that everyone can benefit from the advantages and benefits which will enable us to develop this new sector .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate Mrs O on her report , who has experienced the dramatic changes which have experienced over the past few years .
We all , the Finnish book as a whole or as an announcement , must reconsider our relationship with him .
A revolution has taken place that the book book for each of us is still interesting , even more so and more necessary .
At the same time , however , it requires European and national policies which we need to tackle in order to deal with the new way of dealing with the new way in which the new type of operation and mediation are .
The question whether we have to protect the Finnish economy from the liberal market , we support the major environmental importance of both a lawyer as well as the point in our society .
The spread of information and enlargement of the Internet caused by the world &apos; s intellectual property and the status of the elderly , which concerns the title of intellectual property and the status of the elderly , but also the danger that large sections of the population have been denied access to the new media .
The inequalities with regard to those living around schools , rural areas and disadvantaged groups may prove to be harmful when they are already too high , given the high percentage of the letter and distributors .
This problem is serious for us to talk about a threat to social cohesion , and this risk is at risk by developing countries &apos; policies in good time .
But all Member States must also facilitate access to books and to reading them , because they do not have access to books , because they do not have the future of the European Union , nor will it be the job of a book that is now in place or in electronic form .
Madam President , Commissioner , books are an important medium of the economy in order to build culture , and modern teaching networks .
That is why I think this report is extremely excellent .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her extensive work and the many analyses that it has carried out .
This area is in constant progress .
Yet it is not just the production of important importance but also consumption .
In reading it is a form of consumption and requires better incentives .
People have to decide to decide their time .
Therefore , together with my colleague , Graça Moura , I tabled an amendment with the call for a &quot; European Day &quot; .
We have proposed on 23 April , because this day we are celebrating the birthday birthday birthday the birthday and the repressed .
This is therefore covered by Europe .
In a number of countries , there is already one of UNESCO &apos; s day on UNESCO &apos; s day .
However , I would like to pass on with the wisdom of the Commission and to choose a different date .
Commissioner , there is only when there is a demand .
In order to give an additional impulse , Mr Graça Moura , and I also call for a year ago - is the best in the foreseeable future , but we must insist on this .
A second problem is the impact of the marketeers .
Respect for pluralism , pluralism for pluralism and cultural diversity must be protected .
A fixed level of fixed book and tax evasion should be introduced in a number of Member States , as they are customary in several Member States .
Madam President , today I would like to speak from the point of view of the outset , both in both positive and negative terms .
As far as the positive aspect is concerned , the individualisation of supply and demand is one of the opportunities of the electronic book .
This applies to us as a beautiful fact , as is the fact that , as far as we are concerned , there is a lack of clarity in the way in which the universal book makes no changes whatsoever , and that the e @-@ labelling programme will be based on a fundamental change in the world economy .
These are the positive aspects .
The negative side is that access to reading is becoming a double point of view .
Let us make no mistake .
Needless to say , the new technologies can be given a chance to build the democratisation process , but also an additional obstacle to the training of women .
Finally , Madam President , I would like to ask the President and Commissioner , to ensure that this new technologies are particularly threatened with copyright , so that the creativity is under threat .
That is why I would like to point out that the same reasons must be settled for the same reasons for the European Union , namely to safeguard the creativity and the disseminating of their products .
( FR ) Madam President , Mrs O &apos; s very valuable report gives us the opportunity to make further thought to the future of the book and draw up new initiatives .
As this report rightly stresses , the Finnish lobby continues to play an extremely important role in disseminating European cultures and , moreover , the increase in the number of chapters selected , such as rich , alive and so on .
It is therefore obvious that we are dealing with electoral problems where the book is increasingly taking account of the book of book .
This applies , for example , to the cohesion policy within the framework of the Structural Funds .
Have you already embarked upon this ?
Let me illustrate two examples .
Thanks to the situation , the number of libraries in Greece will be double to 1 170 to 1 % in Greece to 2006 .
During the same period , in the context of the operational culture programme in Portugal , EUR 38 million is EUR 38 million for the development of fish stocks and , as well as the promotion of appropriations , that of half the European Regional Development Fund .
This also applies to competition policy , which is the particular importance of the book which the book has been granted to the people of Europe .
This applies to the activities of the culture industry .
During the debate on Culture 2000 , Parliament has highlighted the key importance to the inclusion of measures to promote a book and literature .
The first year of the implementation of the programme has been met .
Mrs O &apos; s report urges us to broaden our concerns and to take account of all aspects of technological revolution in order to ensure that the European tourist industry is able to make optimum use of the new opportunities to take advantage of access to knowledge and to ensure that the rights of those who make access to knowledge are protected .
The digital revolution means a chance , but also risks .
In the case of Mrs O &apos; s report , it is , moreover , very astounding that I am not going to come back to it now .
I would just like to make one comment , namely the danger of exclusion that does not pay particular attention to the needs of disadvantaged groups of the population .
It is essential that we benefit from the digital technology of education and culture .
I am told that it is accepted that , between generations , between men and women , between those who are in full use of their lives and those who are in full use of the new technologies and those who fear the social disadvantages caused by society to fear that a digital divide is supposed to exist .
In my opinion , it is important to note that there is a discrepancy in this discrepancy and we cannot do anything about it , but we must make every effort to close them .
After all , we can do something about it .
They represent a social task , a social task which we represent , Parliament and the Commission .
In addition , I think globalisation would mean that , if we manage to control them , we will not automatically destroy the destruction of national and regional cultures .
In order to adapt the new reality of the information society , the culture industry will undoubtedly create a profound and rapid change .
For us , this means that we need to transfer these changes to change and we must not simply monitor their development .
We must be at the beginning of their development , so that the digital age can offer new momentum new momentum , and at the same time a viable distribution of water can be restored .
The first of its budget resources is a modest , but positive measure involves networking networks and their cooperation .
Of course , the Commission has to play its most important role in this area and in the proposals for the Culture 2001 programme , I have attached to the fact that the implementation of several projects under the participation of author and hemp is particularly important .
If this experiment is an experiment , further aid measures are planned for the environmental aspect of the cultural industry .
In my opinion , this is a new area which is still not enough and that we have a basic , more economical and economical role .
Apart from the specific actions of the MEDIA programme , I would like to mention a number of preventive measures which will help to achieve their digital revolution successfully , and the rapporteur is therefore responsible for the demands of our rapporteur .
The e @-@ Sheikh initiative which I launched in May last year concerns the infrastructures of education , which are a precondition for being made more widely .
The Commission services have drawn up a programme of implementation for implementation .
Furthermore , the Commission - and it will continue to continue , in particular , is pilot pilot projects - pilot pilot projects in general education in general , with the Vinci Vinci &apos; s programme of education , which deals with vocational training .
In addition , there can also be shortage of labour in the field of education between the public and private sectors .
The e @-@ Europe initiative by the Commission is to ensure that the information society is treated as a social entity .
By the end of 2001 , access to the Internet and multimedia sectors will be made available by the end of 2001 , including in the less favoured areas , and at the end of 2002 , and by the end of 2002 .
Another area of our activity concerns the extension of services to support the development of content in electronic communications and e @-@ mails .
The e @-@ mail programme , which has now been adopted for a period of four years , has been to promote development and use of digital European content .
Liberalisation of the market is now also possible in cooperation with the European Investment Bank and by creating capital risk capital .
In this respect , the Commission and the EIB are working on the financing of the cultural industry .
We have a new future , which is to say our digital future .
This , ladies and gentlemen , is a prerequisite for greater mobilisation and visibility .
Personally , I am in favour of the proposal which several of you - Mr Graça Moura , a number of Mr Graça Moura , has tabled a European Year of analytical measure , a European Year of the new employment strategy .
However , for several reasons , this is not possible for several reasons , but we should consider ourselves about a day or a month or a month of the new approach which could be organised in 2002 .
We should not have already set ourselves up for a certain option , but to discuss the best decision to take account of the best decision in the Culture 2000 programme .
So I am in favour of a discussion in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , with the parties involved in the interests of the new approach of the new approach , define and cultural diversity .
As you know , technology is an instrument , a single instrument , a single instrument , but this instrument can be useful to the development of our cultural potential .
In this respect , I would like to thank Mrs O and also the Committee on Budgets for the important work she has done in this respect .
Thank you very much , Mrs Reding .
The debate is closed .
That concludes the vote .
Vote
Madam President , I have rightly pointed out the existence of the MEDA programme , which is why I would like to ask this House to vote in favour of an oral amendment to the following wording : &quot; urges the Commission to develop a special programme in order to facilitate the production and extension of the Union &apos; s capacities .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 ) by Mr Naïr , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on the Commission communication on the EU / Mediterranean strategy ( COM ( 2000 ) &#93; - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 2118 ( COS ) )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Motion for a resolution ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 ) by Mr Miranda , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , on the peace process in Colombia
Concerning recitals B and C C
Madam President , if I have understood correctly , there is the first amendment which we shall be voting on , with the authors of the requesting that this Amendment No 1 can be withdrawn when it comes to paragraph 1 .
This recital b would include the whole of the first part of the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; and the second text .
I think that with the specific vote on the original text , we can make the vote on Amendment No 1 .
Madam President , the Socialist Group agrees with Mr Miranda &apos; s proposal and would be voting for the first part of this proposal .
Madam President , we would agree with this proposal .
Madam President , there is also a compromise on the following vote .
With regard to Amendment No 2 of the European People &apos; s Party and the Group of the Party of European Socialists , we would like to see a more direct vote on a part of the original text , which is in the recital considered that the Colombia Plan is entitled to &quot; social operators &quot; .
We would then vote on a second part who would wish to withdraw the movers of the Hemicycle and then we would vote on this Amendment No 2 as a addition .
We therefore agree first with the original text on separate matters and subsequently on Amendment No 2 as an addition to recital 2 .
Mr Mombaur , on this subject , I would like to thank the rapporteur for the shadow of the Group of the Party of European Socialists .
However , as Mr Miranda says , it is quite misleading that it is an amendment .
As you can understand the remarks you have made , the services have made a mistake and the services of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats have not been honoured up in the electoral process .
That is why Mr Miranda quite rightly sets out what the vote is to be voted on and I fully support it , but this is not an amendment .
It was a purely technical error from the services .
In order to be able to make complete sense , I have the text of the inspector .
At the beginning of the proposed amendment , the following words were missing : &quot; Plan Colombia &quot; is not the most exciting and ...
Madam President , I just want to confirm what Mr Howitt has said .
In some cases , in particular , the Portuguese , Dutch and Dutch sectors , where it is in the Spanish and Dutch versions , the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; , &quot; Colombia &quot; , &quot; Colombia &quot; , is wrong .
The translation of this versions must be changed .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O , Mr Youth , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new borders : the reform of water &#91; 2000 and 2000 / 2027 ( INI ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
- ( FR ) When we vote on this report , we abstained from the vote on the report on the fisheries agreement with Angola , for one reason .
After all , we do not want to make the slightest opportunity for part , even if , as we know perfectly well , the financial management of the Union &apos; s financial resources for fishing in the Ivory Coast and Angola will be very minimal with regard to fishing in the ports of these two countries .
However , we are opposed to the fact that it is hypocritical from aid to these countries , or even for their people .
Even under his current wording as &apos; aid &apos; or &apos; agreement &apos; shows this in the light of these figures and non @-@ state provisions , that the African continent will continue to be exploited by European powers .
Jarzembowski report ( A5 @-@ 0194 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report on the amendment to the directive on the development of the Community railway undertakings .
I read the Conciliation Committee &apos; s report and I would like to express my wish that Mr Jarzembowski , more than anything else , is more than the most successful result , because it is the best result which is liberalised by rail transport throughout Europe .
I hope , Mr Jarzembowski , that this is good results when it comes to putting the Council into measures for the elderly and for retired people .
I am really impressed by the outcome of the conciliation agreement on this matter .
, in writing .
( FR ) The two reports of the Conciliation Committee on the development of the Community railway undertakings and on the granting of licensing licences to railway undertakings will be welcomed by the creation of a compromise on the complete opening of rail transport in international freight transport .
This compromise will be the way forward for new proposals on liberalisation , and also privatisation other sectors , for example .
The recent tragic accidents in Britain in Britain which , for example , would emphasise the serious effects of the competitive networks of the economy , in Germany , will emphasise the serious implications of the privatisation of the public services .
And if we are now to be forced into a social sense , the problem of the transportation of goods in social terms is a matter for the liberalisation of the railways , which is to be interpreted as a rule .
For a long time , we have been forced into Europe throughout Europe to promote the interests of private companies in all their forms .
As the WADA is now becoming too centralised , parts of the electoral system are looking for new profits from the European institutions , which they are supporting both from the European institutions and by national governments .
Neither the users nor the population have the lowest benefits in the privatisation of public services .
The same applies to the workers of this sector , which are responsible for the disastrous consequences of employment and working conditions and fight against working conditions .
Needless to say , we are talking about the fight of these workers and trade unions .
That is why we have voted against the two reports present .
In this explanation of vote , I think it is appropriate to draw attention to the obvious progress in the development of the European railway network , which has taken place , thanks to the recent decision , in the context of the French @-@ Italian Summit in Turin , in Turin .
By adopting this decision , the final light is a step forward in the logic of rail transport and shifting the road transport market from road transport .
As I pointed out in the Chamber , it came to the bottom of the fact that , at the beginning of the day , it came to dangerous delays , at the planning stage in the Sharm Blanc Programme , but today we are making a commitment to the day , the development of the trans @-@ European transport network in this century .
I would like to add that the decision of Italy and France , which has been fully supported by the European Commission , is in line with the defence principle .
The Commission is also pleased that after years of interest in the Council of Ministers , the Commission was responsible for the adoption of the protocol in order to withdraw the protocol and the desire to ratify it as soon as possible .
This is now the only viable project in favour of rail transport in the region , with the aim of achieving a clear trend in road transport in the Alpine region , which is to be supplemented by defining new water components .
In this regard , I have already informed the Commission that , in the course of the next few years , the railway network will finally be included in the railway network in the field of bureaux to growth in the telecommunications network .
Finally , I would like to express my satisfaction with the implication of the decision taken in Turin in Turin after the summer .
The French and Italian authorities have made their decision , the international freight traffic in this tunnel , and show evidence .
I call on the Commission to support this decision in favour of a drastic and adequate reduction in air traffic reduction .
Wieland report ( A5 @-@ 0012 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the directive on the recognition of professional qualifications of skills , plastic , shelter , vets and so on .
First of all , I was talking about the fact that these sub @-@ contractors are particularly beneficial to doctors who have been able to travel in the European Union , but I have seen the right time for medical assistance both in Italy and Belgium , but I have seen differences in both Italy and France .
I therefore consider it to be beneficial if all people in Europe could move freely and are treated by doctors who have the same education .
I therefore want a single European dose .
Davies report ( A5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted in favour of the report on a whistle @-@ General for feeding the information campaign and the management of information .
I discovered my friend , the Pensioners &apos; Party , who , on the airport , which I wrote to Brussels , is that , if employees are to receive their offices , this directive should be achieved if employees were to leave their offices and allow the computer in so @-@ called limits .
Having listened to this document , I said that these pensioners said at the end of the discussions : &quot; But it would not be easy for employees to remedy the computer if they do not use the computer ?
That is the question I have , Mr President .
Mr President , I voted for the ban on the marketing of 17 and all the other substances which are so harmful to human duty , because they are , as you know , the growth and development of these people very closely .
However , I have noticed that the finance ministers of our States are not necessarily opposed to an anti @-@ traffic campaign , which , as we know , will grow in the development of animals so that they can grow faster .
&quot; But why do she not oppose it ?
Last night I believe I have found an answer to the last night , and I think that we hope that if the growth of animals is speeded up , then people will be able to develop more quickly , so that they are not so long as they are , and that is why public funds could be provided .
Mr President , I voted for the promotion of trade relations with the United States of America , Canada , Japan , Japan , the Republic of Korea , as this is undoubtedly a positive element .
I would like to see closer cooperation in order to be able to influence the living conditions of elderly people directly in these countries .
I also hope that we will have the opportunity to look at the current situation in these countries in order to see whether we are not able to give any suggestions to this effect in order to improve the legal conditions for the future of the lives of the elderly .
We do not support the men report for several reasons .
Firstly , a legal framework for the projects is missing .
This is right when it comes to the EU &apos; s role .
The cooperation between the Member States is a certain instrument for certain EU jurisdiction , without its own EU jurisdiction .
Nevertheless , the Commission and the rapporteur in the articles of the Treaty lay down a legal basis .
The Commission is not explicit in terms of what activity is under way under Article breeds and which under Article 308 , as far as the powers are concerned , still uncertainty over competences .
In addition , the Commission proposes a single budget line .
However , the funds for multiannual programmes and large @-@ scale projects are not desirable because the Commission should not lead to independent policy for the partner countries .
Furthermore , the Commission has pledged to work more efficiently by making it more effective .
The Commission must represent the EU Member States in the WTO .
The key aspect of this is the coordination of the Member States &apos; activities .
So in order to deepen and enlargement enlargement .
The Commission has to do with European issues such as agriculture , environmental impact on developing countries and more vulnerable economic relations .
For that reason , a more binding trade policy is not appropriate .
In the rapporteur &apos; s report we see a improvement in the Commission &apos; s proposal , but it seems to us that it does not appear to be sufficient .
That is why we abstained in the vote .
Muscardini report ( A5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the strategy established by the European Council for relations with the Mediterranean countries .
My country , Italy , is an understatement .
I therefore think it is necessary for the European Union to pay more attention to the neighbouring countries in the south , which is only by the sea .
I suggest to those who will be responsible for this area of our policy , which will enable us to extend our policy to all workers in the southern Mediterranean countries , i.e. to extend them to the countries of the southern Mediterranean countries .
Many workers of these Mediterranean countries in Europe and I therefore consider it appropriate to take part in the merits of a single pension policy .
The Barcelona process has raised hopes of relations between the European Union and the twelve countries of the Mediterranean .
However , we will soon see that this instrument proved to be insufficient .
For political reasons , the complex peace process in the Middle East is an important cause , but not the only one .
As a basic requirement for change , the report advocates simplifying and more flexible operation of the MEDA programme and the extension of measures to develop the Mediterranean countries , and we can only agree to this .
However , given the considerable importance of the Mediterranean , the Council has now decided to adopt a common strategy for this region in time .
I hope , therefore , that the political will to be given more emphasis on the way in which cooperation between the Member States and the countries of the Mediterranean and the countries of the Mediterranean and the European Union are organised .
Clearly , it is not a trivial area , but because the way in which this cooperation is opened , it is desirable and prevented Europe &apos; s becoming a central centre .
In addition , the demand for increasing awareness of the European Union is already increasing in the sea and the the the the following steps could be very good .
A word to the rapporteur , my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini .
I have followed the work of this report in the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy .
The result of Mrs Muscardini &apos; s work has been entirely right to support their approval as rapporteur of the beginning , because her report has received only one vote against , in committee only one vote against and there was no abstention .
In any event , we can appreciate the value of the document , the value which the document has developed and prepared , not greatly appreciated .
It was no doubt that it was a duty , but no less than the European Parliament recognised this by an overwhelming majority by an overwhelming majority .
That is why my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini , deserves my congratulations .
Naïr report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the intensification of the Barcelona process proposed in this report .
That is a logical consequence of my previous vote .
In my opinion , the Mediterranean countries are also part of the Mediterranean countries .
I hope and support Turkey &apos; s accession to the European Union , but I would also like to study the possibility of EU accession to the Mediterranean countries .
I consider that as two pages of the same coin .
- ( FR ) I would like to extend warm thanks to the rapporteur for his work .
His report on the Barcelona process is indeed very comprehensive and I would just like to touch on a few points .
First of all , I would like to draw attention to the fact that the Commission &apos; s communication has been a dual goal : in relation to the Barcelona process , the outcome of the Barcelona process has been evaluated and made recommendations in relation to the ministerial conference of Marseilles ( November 2000 ) .
It is quite clear that the outcome is not enough .
The three areas of the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , namely policy and security , social and human relations and financial and financial relations and finances , have been implementing the decisions .
But here too , things will be done .
In this area , we have a delicate environmental situation : while our partners are required to open up their markets in sectors where we are most competitive , but , on the other hand , the European Union &apos; s Union &apos; s Union &apos; s EU policy in the agricultural sector is designed to maintain damage to these countries .
As the rapporteur says , we want a &quot; free trade &quot; in accordance with the conditions set by Europe .
Such a crude attitude is certainly irresponsible .
Do not pretend we are simply hypocritical as we wanted to create a region of common prosperity .
The low value of the European Union &apos; s crisis of enlargement , the European Union &apos; s enlargement , must finally be criticised .
This is an illusion , as the Union has a key interest in sustainable economic and social development , as well as political stability on the other side of the Mediterranean , the area of Europe which is situated in the region .
The Euro @-@ Mediterranean Partnership must give a fresh boost .
The rapporteur proposes a number of opportunities .
I would first of all like to commend a closer decision on the political stage .
The new international term of affairs is undoubtedly a chance that we should take .
The European Union has a role to play in the Middle East peace process .
The solution of the conflict in the Middle East is a crucial precondition for achieving peace and stability in the region .
This means the right to safety for Israel and all other countries of the region and the recognition of the legitimate right of the Palestinian people to live in a viable and internationally recognised state , and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean charter must be adopted as quickly as possible .
In addition , the European Union must promote more financial resources and human resources and support interregional cooperation and the participation of civil society .
Speaking as a representative , I would like to express my satisfaction at the fact that the Swedish Presidency intends to follow this line in line with the Barcelona process in line with the French Presidency .
We can only hope that they will be translated into practice soon .
That is why I voted for the aforementioned Naïr .
It is regrettable that human rights and its implementation are not sufficiently taken into account in the Barcelona process .
That is why I voted for a number of amendments , including Amendments Nos 1 and 4 .
As a Swedish Christian Democrat , I would like to express my concern about the living conditions of the Christian @-@ Democratic minority in Egypt because these people are treated in their own country as people &apos; s own home .
It is regrettable that the Community &apos; s marginalisation in Lebanon is also in Lebanon .
I am convinced that , in addition to the economic and monetary issues of the protection of ethnic , religious and cultural minorities , there is a prerequisite for further progress in the Barcelona process .
- ( FR ) The report on the European Union &apos; s Mediterranean policy is more than vague .
This is not the real framework for cooperation between Europe and the Mediterranean countries .
Although the rapporteur agrees with the rapporteur , it will be possible to respect human rights and fundamental freedoms , but the report will be problematic when the other social issues are dealt with .
Firstly , the report calls for the Commission project , which advocates free trade and the economic liberalisation of the Mediterranean countries .
In this respect , paragraph 21 , which says : &quot; by the impetus to liberalise the economies of the Mediterranean partners and the implementation of structural reforms , it is essential that we can compete in competitive markets . &quot;
The central issue of foreign debt is being dealt with in the report only in the form of a &apos; Television @-@ based &apos; report , whereas the European governments must demand a completely demanding set of posts .
As regards migrants , the Naïr &apos; s report refers to a restrictive position on the handling of migration flows and illegal immigration .
Women and women are still living through borders .
As a illegal immigrants , you would have used the interests of the mafia and trafficking in human beings .
We must have the will to open up borders .
Finally , while the Palestinian people recognise the right of the Palestinian people to be recognised , his legitimate demands , i.e. the release of all political prisoners and the right of refugees to return , are missing .
For these reasons , I did not vote for this report .
Resolution on the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) We voted in favour of the resolution on Colombia , but it is only a question of creating the plan developed by the United States , which is based on the pretext of combating trafficking in drug trafficking , that is to say that young people are in the main value of rural groups .
The main objective of this intervention is to facilitate capitalist groups to facilitate the exploitation of poorer resources .
We are opposed to the military intervention of the United States in Colombia , as we also have the British intervention in Sierra Leone , and the direct or indirect action taken by France in Rwanda , Congo or concedes .
We are also talking about plans to protect the privatisation of the Colombian economy and against those in the strongest possible terms , such as the reduction in the population of the population , as well as the reduction in the population .
However , as well as the aid granted by the European Union and the IMF , it is mainly a question of creating suitable conditions for investments in the competition process .
In short , we are against any repression of any oppression and resettlement of the people , which we shall vote against .
- ( FR ) The Colombia plan of the United States has been completely disregarded without any hearing of the various social and political actors and without the approval of the Colombian Congress .
Under the fight against trafficking in drug trafficking , it is not a very dangerous solution to be found , which enables small producers to accuse small producers of their crops , their crops by means of human beings and the environment , and they are therefore forced to leave their crops .
Its motion for a resolution on the peace process in Colombia has led the Committee on Development and Cooperation to the peace process in Colombia .
The proposed reform of the peace process , the support of the peace process in conjunction with neighbouring countries .
However , the use of the appropriations offered by the European Union must be monitored in order to ensure that they do not serve any indirect purposes .
However , the first step in peace can only be found in the condemnation of the paramilitary groups and for dialogue with the FAR and the ELN .
In order to combat drug trafficking and the real drug trafficking , we need measures to ensure effective and effective control of money from money and the introduction of a tax burden on capital movements , through which the ability to meet the needs of all citizens .
Mr President , I have asked why Mr Fatuzzo has nothing to say about this .
I would have preferred it to be a minute for us .
We do not have a little explanation because we do not have a statement on the Colombia plan .
Would it not be possible for you , Mr President , to explain the masses of the masses , as he voted in favour of , because it is important for us to know .
Yes , I know that any Member can give a statement to his vote and Mr Fatuzzo has the right to make a statement on certain votes .
Ferri report ( A5 @-@ 0360 / 2000 )
Denmark makes a legal burden , which means that we do not give the EU competence in the defence sector .
However , the issue of cross @-@ border crime is a major one , which requires cooperation between Member States .
I have decided to vote in favour of this report and its recommendations - include item five on a joint public prosecutor &apos; s internal office , as we have seen in recent years in Denmark with a large number of immigrant criminals which we are not able to hold up with our traditional spots on the ground .
We had past Never before such a kind of brutality , with cynicism and loading @-@ up , such as drug trafficking , trafficking in women , trafficking in human beings , trafficking in human beings and the public .
Since Denmark has a very clever effect on the principle of criminals , there is the lowest danger of criminals .
The majority of our politicians do not want to see the truth and try to ensure that international conventions are protected to protect our peaceful and honest citizens .
This EU initiative is necessary in order to comply with law and order in Denmark .
We are forced to work together with our European partners in order to give more power than criminals .
The British Socialist Group voting in favour of the spirit of this resolution , but there are , however , any objections to certain cases of content .
We are against the inclusion of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office ( paragraph 5 ) .
The resolution calls for this body to be granted to the Member States , which will be given an inappropriate response to the cooperation between the Member States .
It is debatable whether such a body should be ignored by national legal decisions and the legal independence of the Member States should be preserved .
In addition , a number of contentious justification could be attached to legal confusion and , for example , paragraph 9 of legal confusion for Member States and the call to extend the powers of the European Court of Justice to judgements outside the EU &apos; s borders .
Finally , the British Labour Minister is in favour of cooperation in criminal matters , but I am concerned about the reference to the &quot; harmonisation of criminal law &quot; in paragraph 13 states , in which the Member States integrate criminal law .
This may be desirable in some areas , but cooperation in criminal matters should be restricted to the exchange of information and the harmonisation of certain legislation between the authorities and the harmonisation of certain legislation , but not a general harmonisation .
.
In the rapporteur &apos; s resolution , the rapporteur &apos; s motion for a resolution is the real need to extend organised crime , the pretext that national and intergovernmental justice should be extended and to be able to extend together any form of national sovereignty .
All of this is being done on behalf of the so @-@ called area of freedom , security and justice , as planned in the Treaty of Amsterdam and in the conclusions of the Tampere European Council .
We must just add &quot; for the new order of order in the post @-@ EMU era &quot; .
As far as the people of Europe are concerned , this is the concept of the &apos; freedom of freedom , insecurity and mobiles &apos; .
This is also evident from the fact that the so @-@ called terrorism is , of course , underpinned by the authors of the relevant texts , which clearly wanted to be thought out of a legally legal concept before they are treated in the majority of crimes taken in criminal offences .
In the name of terrorism , they are seeking to fight against any form of political challenge , combating the fight against the environment and the fight against their decisions , and they try to allow the peoples to become isolated .
But who are talking about crimes and terrorism ?
Is goods around the people of Yugoslavia and the pollution pollution of the people of Yugoslavia and the pollution of the non @-@ governmental Member States are not accompanied by organised crime , not one organised crime and long @-@ standing crime ?
Can it be a fact that the measures to be hindered by the repression of Prague , Nice and recently , are in fact described as a pretext ?
How can brutal brutal attacks on farmers , pensioners and , more generally , be the popular movement in Greece and the other EU countries ?
We too are in favour of combating organised crime .
This cannot , however , do the forces of the forces to combat the state of the movement of the movement of the tourist market , which are linked to this type of procurement , such as the EU , as well as the rapid increase in crime with political bodies and bodies , such as the KLA .
In our opinion , the motion for a resolution gives us a further contribution to creating the rights and freedoms of the people , and it is deeply insulting to each idea of national sovereignty to complete the law of the new order and is dangerous for the people of Europe .
The ELDR Group voted in favour of Mr Ferri &apos; s report because we want to see a more effective and effective fight against organised crime within the EU by developing the EU &apos; s criminal rules , which complement the national rules .
However , we are opposed to paragraph 5 , which calls for the Union to be responsible for the European Union , whose legal competence is based on the whole territory of the Member States , which means that the European Public Prosecutor is replaced by the national prosecutor .
We are in favour of a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office which works with the national authorities , but not replaced by this .
We accept paragraph 11 ( b ) insofar as it means harmonising the national definitions of the national definitions in order to avoid loopholes , but we are assuming that this is not the harmonisation of all national legal systems .
With regard to point 8 , we voted in favour of a sensible restriction on the most important cross @-@ border cooperation between experts such as judges or magistrates , for example .
Despite the fact that we voted for paragraph 9 , the proposal for sanctions in our opinion contains weaknesses on the basis of almost intergovernmental proceedings at the moment .
There is no possibility that we have agreed to obtain more effective effect , as the case would be if the Community jurisdiction is concerned .
The motion for a resolution calls for the European Parliament to reform the Treaty on the European Union in order to inform the European Court of Justice of the European Court of Justice if Member States comply with the commitments made by European legislation .
The fact that Parliament is not confined to the EU legislation in this resolution , but also to include the instruments of the Council of Europe , not only in the current state of affairs , but rather it would be very difficult to implement a dangerous precedent , which would be a dangerous precedent in the future .
The idea of imposing sanctions against those Member States which do not take sufficiently effective action in terms of legal assistance is marked by the stark contradiction of the instruments adopted in the ESDP framework of the Treaty establishing the European Union .
It is a worrying development of sanctions against partners in the EU which fear a drift in Europe &apos; s right to a Europe of justice .
Finally , I would like to point out that the rapporteur and all the other Members of the European Parliament would like to point out that the first two points in the explanatory statement have been violated since the law of 8 August last year .
O report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 )
Mr President , I should like to explain why the Greens were very positive about these amendments .
This is about the two paragraphs 11 and 13 in recital , which , in the end , is the basis for another most important recital , and the delicate points of paragraph 7 and paragraph 12 , which we all voted in favour of .
Paragraph 7 refers to the desire to find a legal framework for the problems that will arise in this new market .
This was the main thrust of this report .
Why ?
Paragraph 12 calls for the idea of establishing a specific reference to what is written on the basis of a specific reference to it .
This is the problem , and it would be totally confuse to all existing policies .
This paragraph does not fall in contrast to paragraph 13 , since paragraph 13 is only intended to reduce the existing divisions which may be dealt with or completely impossible - in particular for some institutions , such as libraries for some institutions , such as libraries for the new e @-@ market market .
This is completely contradictory .
On the contrary , this could take important steps for the future , for this new market and for the Finnish book .
That is why the Greens voted for this .
Mr President , I voted in favour of the report on electronic foresight which I have read very carefully . I am referring to this .
I was told that , when I arrived at my wife in the evening , I come from my wife , from a book , while she is clear : it is obvious that it is of the nature of my voice , which gives rise to this interesting and fascinating effect .
So I have asked myself : &quot; Why do we not include any of the plans for the manufacture of electronic waste , which cannot be read in detail ?
They can learn and read them with such a sort of sort of traffic , and those who , unfortunately , are , of course , often close to a halt , and I would like to see them read or read these stories . &quot;
.
( PT ) We have voted in favour of the report because we consider that it is an important subject , and stressed the importance of reconciling the cultural and linguistic diversity of Europe , and also to improve the cultural and linguistic diversity of Europe and to improve the knowledge and technical treatment of the public and to improve the knowledge of certain specific measures .
We believe that the fight against housing and electronic awareness is also supported by public awareness and to stimulate public awareness of the importance of books and electronic commerce .
We must ensure that the electronic environment is fully taken into account and that this important area can develop in addition to the traditional base @-@ based economy , so that both crops can exist side .
I welcome the fact that the report stresses linguistic and cultural diversity and the crucial contribution of the word &apos; cultural development &apos; in the various European regions .
With regard to this emphasis on linguistic and cultural diversity , I assume that the report contained in the report &apos; s remarks on &quot; all languages &quot; will be extended to less general languages .
E @-@ winded is particularly important to books , for which there is a limited demand , and in this category , medical care and books are in less serious languages .
It is therefore important for the Commission and the Council to take this into account when it comes to this report .
That concludes the vote .
Adjournment of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned .
( The sitting was closed at 12.15 p.m. )
Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday , 1 February 2001 .
Agenda
The next item is the examination of the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents during the meeting of the Conference of Presidents during the meeting of Thursday , 8 February .
I have not received an amendment on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday , but Mr McMillan @-@ Scott has asked me to speak .
Madam President , I would like to express my views on the draft regulation on European political parties .
The Commission wanted to make a statement on this matter during the last plenary session .
This has not done so , and I have the impression that the Commission has now set a view on financing European political parties .
This is a very sensitive issue , in particular as a matter of course , as a result of this Parliament , which may have been inappropriate to finance such financing , even if it is in favour of it .
Could you ask the Commission to make a statement on this matter at some point in this House ?
Secondly , as we have just debated the agenda for Tuesday , I would like to express my concern that a debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme is planned for the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 .
This is particularly important since the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 contains approximately 200 measures which Parliament is debating , but which Parliament will not adopt a resolution .
This is unacceptable .
There should be a resolution , especially because we are obliged to monitor the Commission &apos; s work closely .
Finally , I would like to say that we should have the work programme , which does not just concern the Commission , the Commission , Parliament and the Council .
Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , the fact that there is no motion for a resolution , the Conference of Presidents considers that there is no good reason for this .
Madam President , may I be mistaken , but I feel that it really was intended to adopt a resolution .
First of all , however , we should send the work programme the competent parliamentary committees on assessment before we present a revised resolution which will allow the various committees to adopt their position .
I have understood that : there will be a resolution but not immediately .
Madam President , it is not just a question of what was agreed by Mr Cox .
That is why it is not serious to present a resolution in which all these points are included , which we agreed , that the relevant committees have been able to look carefully at the resolution and , as usual , to vote on a resolution in April .
With regard to extending this programme to the Council , this is an interesting reference to the future ; but at the moment the Commission and Parliament are at the moment .
Thank you , Mr Barón Crespo .
So we will be able to proceed accordingly .
As far as your second question is concerned , Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , it is true that this part @-@ session does not provide the Commission communication on the recognition of political parties .
If you wish to put this question on the agenda , we could ask the Commission , for example , to make a statement on Thursday evening if you agree .
Madam President , thank you very much for this helpful proposal .
Unfortunately , we will not be here too many of us on Thursday evening .
It would be beneficial if the Commission takes this into consideration and this morning in its statement on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 - or the Commission &apos; s work programme , and the Commission and Parliament , as I would like to say , this morning .
Relating to Thursday :
President .
I have received a request from the Group of the Party of European Socialists , which , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , to cancel the oral question on the anti @-@ oil issue in Ireland and France on the agenda .
Madam President , we are asking for this proposal for two reasons : from a parliamentary and political point of view .
The parliamentary reason is in the work of the committees in this Parliament .
At present , the review of all stability and economic policies , as well as the substantial improvement of the broad economic policy guidelines , are subject to a study in the parliamentary Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , which , if I am mistaken - intend to present his report in April .
This is why this issue is related to an integrated activity .
Secondly , there is a political reason .
The problem of the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the European People &apos; s Party was signed in the Conference of Presidents .
When the problem was the Conference of Presidents , the French Conference was one of them .
If we consider the parties of the political parties and the opposition parties and even the aspirations of this Parliament , the debate will be taken on Thursday , not just a happy time - on the fifteen Member States .
For this reason , we consider it appropriate for Parliament to adhere to its rules and in accordance with the logic of the logic .
Madam President , it is understandable , Mr Barón Crespo , if the honourable MEP is to revise the Conference of Presidents on this issue .
This is completely justified and legitimate , and I would like to make that point .
However , I hope that it will not be a majority , because this is not a violation of parliamentary procedures , but we want to obtain information from the Commission .
In this way , the progress of the normal work in the wider committee is not in any way adversely affected .
But now we want to see a information from the Commission .
Moreover , the debates in the Council of Ministers continue and why we are not going to have a lengthy discussion on this issue , especially as - and I would like to ask everyone to consider this question - we are not taking a decision .
Finally , we will not adopt a resolution but a information label .
Furthermore , Mr Barón Crespo knows perfectly well - the debate in the Conference of Presidents has been developed .
Mr Wurtz made reference to ideas - and are we not constantly in a coalition , but the group of Mr Wurtz and our group , but if there is some similarity between Mr Wurtz and our group ?
We have no choice , and I would therefore ask that this oral question remains on this oral question , so that we can discuss this accordingly .
Madam President , I would like to ask a question on our agenda , which is why it is not a question of whether or against it .
This issue is addressed both in both parliamentary and political terms , albeit in both parliamentary and political terms .
If the Commission or , more specifically , I said that this week we should not be able to make a precedent as soon as possible , and at a time when there is a lot as many as possible , we should be informed about this , and the response by the House ?
If this is the best solution , it is really the best solution if the European Parliament set a debate on Thursday at 5.30 p.m. , a time when the debate would be similar to 5.30 p.m. at the end of the day on Thursday &apos; s part @-@ session , which I have taken part in , not as a good reason for the creation of racism .
Should the Commission and , of course , not ask the Council to express its opinion at a previous time this week so that we can take this point properly ?
I am afraid that the Thursday evening is not an amazing time for this .
Madam President , I would like to add more than that , when I feel that Mr Poettering &apos; s statements cannot be misinterpreted .
I would therefore like to clarify what this is about .
I am not aware of the deep reasons raised by Mr Poettering or by Mr von Wogau who asked this request , and I would ask for a different question .
I consider this debate to be opportune because it is the first time that the Commission has made the necessary use of the instrument under the Treaties . In particular , the Commission would like to make a recommendation on the requirements of a recommendation , a sense of political objections to a state .
In other words , Ireland will be very much accused of doing something about the income of growth , which has partly been used to benefit from the income of growth in part .
In my opinion , this is a political issue which deserves attention .
Indeed , we did not have insisted that this debate will be adopted in order to reach a resolution to the end of this debate so that the relevant institutions should then be able to do what they should do , but I think it is appropriate to discuss this issue .
I would just like to reply to Mr Cox as a response to his contribution that the Commissioner responsible , Mr Solbes , has made it possible to meet the Commissioner on Thursday at 5.30 p.m. in Strasbourg .
I do not doubt that the honourable Member will be able to follow the same line , provided , of course , that the point will be retained .
We are still pleased to hear Mrs Randzio @-@ Plath &apos; s point of order because , apart from the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , we would like to hear another speaker who opposes the request , and we will then take a decision .
This is a very demanding process , which , indeed , makes it extremely difficult to assess .
Therefore , Mr Poettering , we need all the information , but the information we have received , but the information we have received , and I think that this House would be well advised to do so by virtue of its preprandial work .
I would like to remind you of which major problems we have agreed to the stability and partnership partnership , and there were major doubts about whether or not investment in education should be reconciled with the budgetary deficit .
Not only was members of the PSE Group but also the PPE @-@ DE Group , but also the PPE @-@ DE Group .
That is why I really would like to advocate a debate that we do not have a debate , which is , of course , completely reflected in the report , but that we will be working in the committees .
We have discussed Mr Solbes in committee , we are discussing this and we will have the opportunity to give our rapporteur the opportunity to deliver our rapporteur &apos; s report in plenary .
I would now ask you to suspend this question from the agenda , to vote .
( Parliament rejected the request )
That concludes the agenda for this part @-@ session and the next part @-@ session in Brussels and we can now move on to the road .
Madam President , I would like to inform the Members of the European Parliament on a matter which has taken place in the run up for discussion .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party and few others have been calling for a debate on this issue this week .
The Conference of Presidents has unfortunately rejected this .
However , we have failed to put an appeal against the agenda because we have been informed that some groups in principle are basically in favour of a discussion here in the European Parliament , but perhaps at a different moment .
We would therefore like to see dialogue with these other groups in a dialogue because we are not opposed to discussions and discussions but we want to engage in discussions .
However , we are very disappointed that the Dutch Minister , Mrs Stasi , has not been able to vote in favour of the discussion and was rejected an invitation to him .
This should not , however , prevent us from being able to enter into dialogue with other groups and perhaps adopt a request for the agenda in March .
I just wanted to clarify this point because many questions have been debated in this context .
Madam President , I would just like to comment briefly on the head of Mr Liese , who has not wanted us to engage in the debate on electoral issues .
This could not be completely excluded .
The Dutch Government and other Members here are ready to hold an open and honest debate on the facts at any time , but not statements and remarks which are very hard on the border .
We will give you this information .
I know that the Dutch Government is prepared to receive information , all Members of the European Parliament , to receive information or a discussion in the Netherlands in order to discuss the subject , but unfortunately Minister Kok has not allowed us to be here this week .
Madam President , I would like to argue here , Mr Liese , that we all know what we all know about .
It is true that a hearing has indeed been organised by some groups and , Mrs Vachetta , invited the desire for a few groups to explain this law to the law .
If Mrs Swiebel cannot accept an invitation , you can simply look at whether she cannot come at a time .
Then there is no question of interpretation .
In any event , I think it is extremely helpful and urgent that the Dutch Minister for Health and Financial Affairs should be made clear here here , because our group is extremely concerned , as the other groups , and also other groups , deeply concerned about the Dutch tax .
Madam President , I think it is reasonable from the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats to talk about the difficult , difficult and significant expansion of the topical and semi @-@ critical directive .
In my own country , the Netherlands , we have had a social discussion for 20 years , a very good and balanced social debate and that , of course , we cannot , of course , never have an hour on a Thursday afternoon .
Let us avoid these things .
Then there is something else .
We are always talking about subsidiarity in this House .
This is a question of national criminal law which has been decided on the Dutch Parliament .
We should also be thinking of subsidiarity here , in this House .
Madam President , as Mr Wiebenga , as Mr Wiebenga , I am surprised that the Group of the Christian Democrat and Reform Party considers that the laws of the European Union are a suitable subject for a debate at European level .
In the UK , the Conservatives were fairly quick to condemn European defence standards as an intolerable interference in national affairs and to oppose the subsidiarity principle .
It will certainly be a great deal to hear in the coming weeks and months before the general elections in Great Britain , and months before the general elections in Britain .
I think it is very extraordinary that she has used the issue of housing the subject of a Member State at European level and seems to me that it is the next election campaign .
Madam President , it is a question of subsidiarity .
It is indeed the countries themselves to legislate on legislation .
But the question here is whether it contravenes European and international Treaties .
We have a great deal of concern and it is our task to discuss this issue and to discuss the cross @-@ border dimension .
This is , therefore , the case , irrespective of the subsidiarity principle which we respect .
I can , in fact , read Mrs van der Laan &apos; s reply to his colleague , Mr Liese , for his reply .
You can be able to take serious account of the fact that it was not a proper decision to be taken for the Minister for Health and Consumer Policy .
We are surprised that it does not take the appropriate place for Parliament to discuss this issue .
Madam President , I am very surprised that a fellow Member has described the question of the issue of subsidiarity as a matter of subsidiarity .
We are all very proud of it and we are delighted that there is no single death penalty in any Member State of the European Union , because the strictest human life is something which we all share .
Madam President , very briefly , Mr President , Baroness Ludford &apos; s statement on whether or not there should be a debate on the matter of ethics , I think it is absolutely appropriate for Parliament to discuss this issue .
Personally , I would recommend that there should be no vote at the end of such a debate , and my delegation will be voting in favour of a free vote without free goods .
On the record , I would like to make it clear that my delegation in the EPP Group has not taken a position on this matter .
However , when I said the statement by Baroness Ludford that I would agree with a form of political persuasion !
Madam President , it is clear that we all know the question about life and death which we may be confronted with in our personal lives and in our family , that the question of what is a despicable death is the responsibility of society .
We should , therefore , have the courage to respect the recognition of both ethical principles : both ethical principles with different views .
This is not a party which is reserved for these ethical principles alone , and it is not a party which is justified by the others , the Greens , the Greens and the socialists , under the Human Rights Convention .
If we want a serious discussion , a discussion , and this is what we want - and that is what we want - and this is not the case for the centralised principle of subsidiarity .
In essence , it is a question of doing something too slowly , for which everyone is concerned .
The kind of examination of the facts of the European People &apos; s Party in the past few weeks , the sound , the sound , in which she made them , were certainly not conducive to human rights violations , which were made of human rights abuses .
That is a mistake .
If Mr Liese wants a discussion , he can do this , but it is not a single position , but it must be encouraged to encourage people to engage in a public debate .
We are happy to do that , but we are not prepared to participate in a normal political party , which plays a great deal of importance in the Dutch and Belgian society , with respect for the views of others , but in a way which can be dealt with in a way which can be dealt with in a way that can be dealt with in a way that can be extremely reprehensible .
I would also like to ask the Members who represent a different view in this debate .
We therefore support a debate , which , in our opinion , should be carried out in reasonable conditions , including the opportunity to listen to a whole series of experts and moral willingness , since we feel that this is a fundamental debate in this respect .
I believe that this is not just in the Netherlands but also in other Member States of the European Union .
This debate is taking place a lot of time and has not yet been decided on , although it has been looked at several months .
Therefore , if such a debate is to be held here , it must be done in a very serious and efficient manner .
Madam President , in principle I fully support the debate on the anti @-@ European organisation in this Parliament .
But I would like to take this opportunity to say that many people in Ireland are deeply concerned about the fact that a Member of the European Commission , together with a Swedish minister , condemned the action of the new American government in the name of the European Union , which aims to provide financial support for key organisations for planning planning for family planning , which will be liberalised in less developed countries .
As far as the question of subsidiarity is concerned , it is illegal in Ireland and we are against - as the European Union also - and , as the European Union also states , money laundering .
On the contrary , we in Parliament want to see that abortion should never be used as a means of planning for family planning and to provide financial support for this purpose .
The Cairo Conference was held in Cairo and the World Conference on Women in Beijing .
I therefore wonder why a Commissioner has made a sense of condemning the agreement which has already been signed with regard to the conventions already signed and , as they have done , with regard to subsidiarity , on behalf of my own country .
Madam President , a few weeks ago we talked about this issue in a plenary session , specifically in Andalusia , 12 immigrants from African , American countries who have been dead and who have been forced to attend next week for a month after week , and young people are continuing to pregnant women .
I could send you photographs of photographs in the Spanish press so that you see the seriousness of this tragedy .
For years , and I come at the end , Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in Europe , we believe that all of this policy is reflected in the Rio attack , Mexico and the United States of America ; today , there is a chasm between Spain and the United States without any fault .
I believe that this Parliament must intervene with the Spanish Government and that this problem must be recognised as a European guarantee .
We must not be blind to this serious problem .
I would therefore like to complement Mr Nogueira and say that , in our power , the Spanish authorities and society are doing everything in our power to alleviate this awful human suffering .
Madam President , I have a communication to you , Mrs Caroline Lucas .
She was arrested this morning at 5.00 p.m. when she arrived in Scotland on a demonstration .
They fully accept their participation in many court rulings , which have been spoken in recent times , that such weapons of mass destruction have been violated .
As a Member of the European Parliament , it should be unable to be arrested , while it is on the part of Parliament , and we ask you to take action in this matter .
In actual fact , the immunity of a Member or a Member can only be lifted after Parliament has dealt with the matter and if we are now debating it , Parliament should be the first time that nuclear weapons do not comply with international law .
Mrs Hautala , I can assure you that we will deal extensively with the situation of these fellow Member .
Madam President , I would like to speak on behalf of Mrs Hautala &apos; s statement that Mrs Lucas has been arrested on the road today .
It seems unusual to me that she was arrested here in the course of his course , but it was the south @-@ east of England , while their arrest or other kilometres were continuing to prolong the north .
Instead of the British Government , who should be allowed to arrest it , Mrs Lucas , who should be allowed to see a card of Great Britain and some of us from the bottom of what we have done .
Madam President , for reasons of consistency , I would like to make the same point as to why the British Government makes no difference in its arrests .
At the same time some of the Members of the Scottish Executive , some of the Scottish Executive Executive , and several other people who were arrested , were arrested in the UK .
We have the same laws as the Members of the European Parliament and they have been arrested together with others .
I hope that it will be appropriate for us to retain a reasonable period of time in the future .
Madam President , I would like to speak against this rather strange remarks from Mr Balfe .
The Scottish law allows no man to keep up as long as it is a model .
Today &apos; s arrests are in line with current legislation , and I am sure that the people concerned will be released immediately .
My colleague , Mrs Lucas , should be given an opportunity in this House to decide whether or not their immunity should also be included in this case , provided that there are serious doubts in relation to the legality of nuclear weapons , as has already been discussed before Scotland , as already indicated before Scotland .
Madam President , I do not know whether it meets the rules of this debate but , in particular , I feel that it is the responsibility of Mr Balfe to express my solidarity with the rapporteur on the Legal Affairs and its actions .
As far as the law is concerned , I do not have the right to contravene the law but , in my opinion , the existence of the law is not an end to the law , but because , as far as we are concerned , there is not a time being made against nuclear weapons which are damaging to us all harmful and dangerous .
I would like to thank Mrs Lucas and the other women who have been arrested .
Madam President , I would first of all like to thank you , because the plane from Amsterdam to Strasbourg is valid this morning and on time .
I think that you have done a great deal with the French Government .
Thank you very much .
I would , however , like to say something else .
I have notified the European Commission on 10 November , on the sale of public television stations in the Netherlands in the Netherlands .
This was three months ago .
I still have no answer to these questions .
Now this is a very sensitive issue , and I understand that it is very difficult for Mr Monti to answer it , but the auctions are not in the summer of this year .
I would therefore have liked to reply to my question during this or next week .
I have already informed the relevant services that have been informed , but there is still nothing to be done .
Perhaps you can use me for me .
I would like to help you , but I have noted that the Commission has taken very careful note of your speech and that will certainly be positive .
Madam President , I would also like to say that the Portuguese Members who have spoken with the flight in Lisbon today have had to wait for 45 minutes to travel from Strasbourg to a car , and then , in addition to the Italian colleagues who have already spoken , there are two hours to be transported to Strasbourg .
It is totally unacceptable that Members of Parliament are treated worse than cows or swine .
I would also like to say that Minister Moscovici said my assurance that in April we will be able to tell me that in April there will be two shootings in Lisbon to Strasbourg , but it will not be the case for Air France in Lisbon .
Who is more than better : a member of the French Government or the French airline ?
We will look carefully at that .
Madam President , I would like to thank Air France for the implementation of the United Kingdom in Strasbourg and , at the same time , I would like to say that we probably had to thank the previous flight @-@ Strasbourg Strasbourg .
This time , it was &apos; the death of the other bread &apos; .
I would ask you , Madam President , to consider whether Air France does not have sufficient teeth , since it is not enough for Air France to take the meaning of the Former Copenhagen affair .
I think you can tell you that there will be very clear improvements in the coming weeks .
I would just like to welcome a new Member of the European Parliament , Mr kebabs , who , as you all have done , would like to welcome , as you all have done , and , as you all have done , it would like to welcome the work he has done .
So we welcome these colleagues .
Madam President , I would just like to ask for your attention .
There are 30 people here today .
But if someone wishes to speak on this side , it will never be taken into consideration .
Mrs Flemming has made a start .
I simply wanted to ask you to turn to the right side of the House when speeches .
We take account of all sides of this House , Mrs Schleicher .
But perhaps you do not know that the proposals on the procedure will only be adopted after the adoption of the agenda .
That is a general rule , I believe , very well .
She has been asked by many Members and I proposed that it was generally agreed on the general agreement .
So requests for procedures will now be adopted after the vote on the agenda and we are in a position to do so .
You also have no notice of the fact that there were not many speakers who were involved in this matter .
However , as I do not know , I will give the floor to my colleagues .
Madam President , I would like to inform you and the entire House that , last week , a delegation from families to Cyprus was held in Brussels last week .
In the speeches taken by the groups , it has made the repeated point of view of the fate of the transport industry .
27 years after 1974 , many of them are still unclear - cases of people whose fate is unclear .
The families of these people undoubtedly have the right to know what they have done .
Since the effort , even in terms of intervention by the United Nations , I would like to ask whether the European Parliament could be able to use the problem to resolve this problem .
Madam President , would you like to send a message of this kind to the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council , to send an explanation of my own constituents in prison , who was second on the world ?
I know that some of you , a fellow @-@ minute of you , have won the running .
He was a very love and nature .
I and many others would be very grateful if you would congratulate both on our behalf .
Request for the waiver of the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro
The next item is the report by Mr Zimeray ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request for the waiver of Mr José e Castro .
, deputising for the rapporteur .
( ES ) Madam President , Mr Ribeiro e Castro has been held in the context of a terrorist attack which is being punished under the Portuguese code of Justice in 1982 and following the law of May 1990 .
In favour of this procedure , a reference was made for the trade practices of a private company , which , on 16 February 1995 , was sent by veterinary contracts ( DEI ) which Mr Ribeiro e Castro is broadcast .
It was alleged that the Agency for no serious posts is being made and calls for some of the minor charges for not even having started campaigns .
The Agency has produced Mr Ribeiro e Castro , e Castro , and other specialist employees , as well as providing compensation for housing .
parliamentary immunity is not a prerogative of a Member of the European Parliament , but it will guarantee Parliament &apos; s independence and its members to other responsibilities .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market considers that the waiver of parliamentary immunity by the Members concerned have no legal status .
The case of the situation was returned to February 1995 , which was submitted in May 2000 , and the mandate made by Mr Ribeiro e Castro was only on 17 November 1999 when he took up Mr Watson &apos; s mandate .
There is a lot of time before the recording of the crime and the presentation of this motion for a resolution ; it has always been a crime which affects freedom of expression and the fact that Mr Ribeiro e Castro has always been calling for the removal of his parliamentary immunity to waive this decision .
Consequently , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market recommends Articles 6 and 6 of the Rules of Procedure , and in examining the reasons for the waiver of immunity , the parliamentary immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
Mr President , I am surprised that a Member of the European Parliament has been arrested in the area of a European Union country or in the context of a state of affairs , and I think that this is a very serious matter , and I think that this is a very serious issue which we are discussing and which has been discussed in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
However , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market proposes to waive the parliamentary immunity of Mr José e Castro .
This proposal is based on the content of the Treaties , and I would like to draw your attention to the substance of the Treaties and some of them now .
Having said that , the Legal Affairs Committee calls for Parliament to adopt the report by Mr Zimeray .
I cannot , however , give the opportunity to highlight two issues , which I repeat - and I repeat this Parliament and all the Members of Parliament .
The provisions of Articles 9 and 10 concern at the time of the creation of the European Community as Members of the Member States of the national parliaments , which is obviously the case with regard to national immunity .
However , we must also realise that the European Parliament has a very remarkable role to play today in the institutional balance , which is why it is extremely important to guarantee its full independence towards the Member States .
Mr President , I would not like sooner or later to be forced to ask for political asylum in any other other than my country , but , above all , I believe that the communication to this Parliament on the arrest of a member of a member in Scotland is considered clear .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
loading up and unloading directives
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a directive on the European Parliament and the Council to establish rules for conduct and omissions ( COM ( 2000 ) - 2000 / 2154 ( COM / 2000 ) .
Mr President , the sinking of the oil tanker Erika before the French coastline recently has a good effect on a year ago .
Another form of transport policy is less attention to the public and policy of policy , namely the transport of transport systems , especially those of them and coal .
The environmental damage caused by a ship of this category is low , but it is much more insidious to death .
If we look at the accidents we are talking about : 146 accidents in the last ten years , which are due to death in the past ten years .
These nomads were 69 % more than 15 years old .
There are two main reasons for these accidents .
First of all , the power of the mining industry and , secondly , the poor physical constitution of ships .
It is a harm caused by the incineration of rubbish , which is due to improper treatment of and repair .
This problem has been recognised at international level .
The International Olympic Centre , the IMO , has developed the telecom @-@ based and secretive method carried out in the field of tender .
This combines combination of both civil and non @-@ inflationist allegations , while , in fact , and according to the local and physical community .
The IMO calls for all its countries to explain to this type of anti @-@ regulatory work based on their territory .
The proposal for a directive is intended to give the Commission a voice on behalf of the Member States .
It says that a few amendments are established , with some changes to the Community legislation .
In the first place , the main feature of a representative of the steel industry , secondly , is the key to the stabilisation of a contract and environmental protection and , secondly , the right of the competent authorities in the event of split between ship and country .
Furthermore , the Commission proposes before the beginning of the so @-@ called &quot; gold facility &quot; for ships - that is to say a minimum requirement for vessels - that is to say a minimum binding requirement for ships .
The Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism considers that this Commission proposal is a step in the right direction .
It will not be possible to prevent all accidents because the serious damage is often outside the European Union .
However , it gives the sector a encouragement to play responsibly and , therefore , threatens to prevent it .
It is precisely because the problem , as well as the sector , is a global solution .
We therefore support the adoption of the penal code in the Community legislation .
It is important that the text of the directive should be respected as close as possible to ensure that competition distortions are adopted between EU Member States and third countries .
Although we agree with the Commission &apos; s proposal , it can be improved in certain respects .
Firstly , in view of the great number of victims , I should like to highlight the need to guarantee the safety of the fishing industry .
In this respect , some of the changes made in the text are appropriate .
Secondly , the captain will play a high responsibility .
It is therefore essential that we should be informed of all the information and , in fact , when it comes to seeing its judgement on the basis of its own judgement .
Incidentally , the classification societies must also be notified to the classification societies , as they often have to judge the state of a vessel .
They will only be able to do this if they have sufficient information .
Thirdly , the role of the competent authority , the role of irregularities during the insurance or leather waters or in the sea .
It must then be obliged to suspend the current process to ensure the safety of ship owners and crew .
Fourthly , it is all well known that the capacity of port inspection , the ship owner , the ship owner , is not sufficient in the Member States .
This directive is liable to give additional tasks to the authorities .
This is why the Commission must ensure that these tasks are truly implemented .
Finally , I would like to say a few comments on Amendments Nos 14 , 13 and 16 , we have already had to comply with the text of the Permanent Mechanism ( Act ) , to avoid distortions of competition and confusion .
However , Amendment No 14 is certainly not in line with Amendment No 14 , and I cannot support it .
Amendment No 13 has already been discussed .
The UNICEF instrument is an instrument for recording water .
It is not possible to provide information on local and company management .
In addition , in the IMO , agreements have already been used on compulsory use of a waste rate .
The Erika package is covered by the Erika .
If a vessel is grouped around a vessel , it is , moreover , a task for the ferry to be carried out in a novel way , not the operators who indulge in the cleaning up of a vessel .
Nor do we have the necessary knowledge of this .
In short , you will understand that I cannot accept Amendment No 13 .
I hope that the honourable Members can understand the reasons for this .
I cannot support Amendment No 16 by Mr Simpson and Mr Fava .
They are not conditional on ships from the European Union which have not been agreed internationally at international level .
This is not possible .
In fact , it will be done .
I hope that those who have tabled amendments .
If we , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in a position to adopt this report , I believe that we have substantially improved the guarantees of security and safety systems .
Mr President , allow me to begin by thanking the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , on this excellent report and thank the Commission for its great commitment on this important issue .
Over the past few years , the Commission proposed various measures to improve safety in maritime transport , and this responded to a number of accidents which were both human lives as well as environmental damage .
It may be possible - and I had a number of reasons for a number of reasons in various contexts , that the European Union often reacted to the damage she has caused , but it is , of course , to be welcomed .
According to Erika I had the Erika II and I would probably like to see more .
In the coming months of this part @-@ session , Parliament will certainly express its opinion on further reports in this area .
This report concerns safety in relation to loading and unloading operations .
There is no doubt that in the last ten years there were particularly exceptional accidents in recent years .
Many reports and statistics show this and the rapporteur also points out this .
Over half of all the thirty ships were the cause of housing , often as a consequence of the lack of maintenance , often as a lack of maintenance , very often with errors in local and grazing terms .
The International Environmental Programme of the United Nations ( IMO ) has been devoting itself to this problem in the last ten years .
In a special report , the Member States of the Member States , companies and shipowners , have to pay more attention to errors in terms of local and consumer protection .
There were also several transitional measures proposed in this context .
Mr President , it is important to see this problem in a wider context .
The increase in transport is rising .
There is ever more part of Central and Eastern Europe and third countries .
This development will soon be the priority of the consumer to ensure the highest priority .
This is not only true for the sake of other maritime transport and other transportation .
deficiencies in the competitiveness of the cargo are a higher problem with transport in transport in transport and roads and road transport .
For this reason , the Commission should draft proposals to resolve these problems .
However , it is mainly a global issue and not mainly a problem of the European Union , but it is also important that the Commission should also raise questions of this type in the IMO and in other international contexts .
Mr President , I would be grateful if the Commissioner could comment on what initiatives the Commission will take on this important issue in future .
Mr President , on behalf of my group , I would like to express a positive verdict on both the nature of the Commission &apos; s proposal , namely the directive and the content of the proposal .
The subject of this issue has already been adopted by international organisations : the principles and rules have already been set up for a very controversial activity which , unfortunately , both of the rapporteur and Mr Stenmarck mentioned several times suffering from the number of accidents .
However , these provisions are not binding , as the Commission said , and this is precisely the problem .
For this reason , at European level , we must set up a code of conduct which is based on these provisions and to guarantee a minimum requirement for all Member States .
In the context of establishing European legislation as complementing the international regulations , the Commission is rightly affected to all those involved , particularly those involved in the prevention of accidents and the safety of accidents which deserves due attention to the prevention of accidents .
The amendments adopted in committee are heading in the right direction : first , the competent authorities have to be obliged and not only to prevent local or non @-@ violent degassing if the safety of the vessel is threatened with local or non @-@ married standards .
What is more , the damage to which the safety or acquisitions of the vessel could be viewed clearly is the decision on the necessity and urgent nature of the crew .
On the other hand , as far as ships are concerned , I would like to propose that the ships and especially those who are still fairly busy with the amendments which Mr Simpson and Mr Fava are proposing are , on behalf of my group , replaced by the word &apos; qualifications &apos; by the term &quot; experience &quot; .
Finally , it is important that this legislation should enter into force as quickly as possible and that Member States will use their real application for their real application .
However , despite the fact that , despite the existing transposition of European and international regulations , there is no lack of skill in the Member States .
We therefore vote in favour of the Commission &apos; s request to apply these regulations from 1 January 2003 by the Member States .
Mr President , I also want to thank Mr Van Dam for his report .
We support the Commission proposal .
There is indeed international rules , a form of voluntary agreement , but no less or not sufficiently complied with .
When we talk about safety in the space of the day , we note that a lot of accidents have been taken into account .
That is why something needs to be done in this respect .
We therefore support the report drafted by Mr Van Dam .
My group has two observations .
We will not support the proposal for the anti @-@ labelling directive in Amendment No 13 .
We are dealing here with the loading and unloading of ships and not in isolation .
This is not the case with the debate on the issue of transport .
It concerns the Erika / 2 package where it has been on the plates .
Secondly , in connection with Article 8 , I tabled an amendment .
Ladies and gentlemen , rightly , we have a duty to interrupt the law , an obligation to cut off or recover .
I think it is appropriate .
I also welcome the fact that the Member States can decide who are responsible for these checks .
However , if this power is maintained , it may also be a commercial interest in the local and environmentally friendly interest of ships , and that is something we cannot do well .
This is why , in our opinion , the Member States should be able to collect this control in certain cases including the competent authorities responsible for the inspection vessel .
Apart from these two points , we can support the proposals in general .
Safety safety is very important .
We need to invest in it .
I have been told , Mr Newton Dunn , that there should also be investment in people , both in the people who are controls on controls , the port inspection and other controls , and I think that it is an important element in the field of non @-@ port and other controls , which , in my view , is an important factor in ensuring safety at sea .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Van Dam .
This is a very good report .
The Commission also has done a good job . However , in the light of accidents such as the Erika , but above all , we have the knowledge that 8 000 vessels are unable to comply with standards and are suffering from our seas .
As I have already said , 146 vessels have fallen in ten years .
It means devastating casualties .
This also means that large parts of sea can be polluted .
Of these accidents , which have already been mentioned several times by several Members - have already been mentioned by several Members of Parliament .
We do not need to go into any further detail now .
We have done that before , and I am concerned about the damage to double hulls .
The knowledge of the knowledge is that , with the operator of the telecommunications market , we must draw up a twin @-@ up and branch @-@ based approach which must be monitored and respected .
However , we would still like to give the Commission a sense of reflection because , once again , who is in a number of European ports , we have seen what is happening in some European ports .
It will not only be the case that it will be possible to dispose of the waste in terminals , and it will also cause cause for damage .
This report , in my opinion , is a solution to which , in my opinion , the issue of who has to do what is to be done , the whole problem of education is not yet resolved .
It has not been mentioned , however , that part of the vessel &apos; s liberation is a part of the local and monetary authorities .
It is not known that there is no getting out of the list in a ship , whether or not a ship has been produced .
In view of the fact that , more than 15 years ago , we are talking about the discussion which has led to the oil tankers and we have seen that the age of oil is not always an excuse - one of the problems caused by those accidents which cause these accidents , and I would like to point out the Commission that , in any way , it is necessary to assess the fact that , in any way , it is necessary to assess the fact that , in any case , it is necessary .
Finally , I would like to say that we agree with the way in which the other problems are dealt with in the report , with regard to the ISO quality system and , above all , Community law , which now includes some of the drunken codes .
Madam President , I would like to start by thanking the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for the work carried out in this directive .
This is a directive which , as the rapporteur has made clear , is to be incorporated into Community law in order to ensure that it is applied in the area of the International Alpine System of Wild Fauna and harmonised , which is already being applied in the International Alpine System ( IMO ) , but which would not be legally binding in terms of Community law .
Having said this , I should like to say that we can accept most of the amendments proposed by both the rapporteur and the various groups , which means that we accept Amendments Nos 2 , 5 , 8 , 10 and 15 .
On principle , we accept Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 7 , 11 , 11 and 12 , but the conditions are , in fact , the conditions which will be included .
However , we cannot accept Amendments Nos 4 , 13 , 14 and 16 for reasons which I shall explain in the following following minutes .
First of all , because , according to Amendment No 4 , the competent authority must be able to make an affordable @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ @-@ owner @-@ friendly option on the local and managerial option .
We cannot accept this amendment if we take into account the principle of subsidiarity .
We should not interfere in the powers of the Member States in the competence of the Member States which have to appoint a sufficient margin for manoeuvre in order to guarantee the proper implementation of the directive and the task of the dissemination of the directive between the Organisation and the representatives of the tourist industry in the event of disputes .
We reject Amendment No 13 because , with the representative of the Committee on Transport , it should be responsible for reviewing the rules governing compliance with the provisions of the so @-@ called minimum cases or to be punished .
I should like to make it clear that , in particular , we should be able to ensure that we are able to ensure that the environmental data collected can be protected on all the top markets .
Admittedly , in stages , but all ships .
In particular , the intention is to ensure that the Structural Funds are transferred to the new merchant 15 000 tonnes of vehicles from 1 July 2002 , with the service between 1 000 and 20 000 tonnes of 15 000 and 20 000 tonnes of charge from 1 January 2002 .
Amendment No 14 , where technical clauses are concerned , contrary to the technical wisdom , it is contrary to the establishment of rules and harmonised rules for identifying identification and harmonised rules and the principles of the directive because it relates to the common responsibility of the inspector and the representative of the European Union in relation to certain aspects of environmental security .
Finally , we cannot accept Amendment 16 , which calls for the elimination of qualifications to be carried out in the International Convention , which is not in the International Convention ( international Convention on training , the granting of certified and sale from father ) .
Finally , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the whole committee once again for its work .
This is another aspect of the initiatives presented by the Commission in order to improve the requirements for safety at sea , even if it is difficult to prevent the risks relating to safety at sea , even if it is difficult and there is always reason to do so .
As has already been mentioned , in particular , in the case of accidents , the people in the last ten years have been displaced persons in relation to accidents involving accidents .
It is clear that we cannot be able to accept this unless the measures to ensure the protection of flight crews is possible .
We are not just talking about the issue of marine pollution , which was reduced to double oil , for example . We are talking about something which goes beyond the safety of flight crews on the roads and ships who leave our coasts .
Furthermore , ladies and gentlemen , we are in the fight against unfair competition , an issue which is sometimes lacking in ships who are not complying with the rules or control of them when it comes to safety and control .
I believe that we have taken proper account of the situation in the Community &apos; s area with all these measures and we can say that the year 2000 was in a way that the year 2000 was in a way the year 2000 .
We recently heard measures to compensate for the size of the surface area in a written way . I assume that the Commission will be given the green light tomorrow .
This year , in 2001 , we will continue to continue our work in the maritime sector , and it will give us the courage to give all the necessary dynamism and all its efforts to ensure that this area is part of a more dynamic and more intermodal transport .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Security of maritime safety
Mr President , the problems of the safety of maritime transport and the protection of marine pollution caused by ships caused by sea have been extremely topical .
A number of accidents involving a number of accidents in many quarters , but environmental disasters have been translated into the past .
The European Union already has a instruments of relevant directives and regulations .
At the same time , however , the European Union must pay attention to the rules of international organisations on the basis of legislation and , in a very short time , in order to enable Member States to comply with their international commitments .
We therefore need the need to rationalise the European Union &apos; s tasks in the field of policy on the safety of maritime transport and centralising .
The European Commission therefore tabled two proposals : a proposal for a regulation and a proposal for a directive .
The proposal for a regulation aims to replace the existing committees on the safety of maritime transport and the prevention of maritime pollution by means of a single committee with the name &apos; Committee on maritime safety &apos; .
The other existing committees , the same tasks have been resolved .
The adoption of this committee is intended to facilitate the implementation of the changes to the international convention .
I would also point out that the Committee on Transport of the European Union is responsible for its application for the safety of maritime safety , under the regulatory procedure , in accordance with the regulatory procedure of 1999 / 468 .
As you know , in this regulatory procedure , the powers of the European Parliament are also included in the European Parliament , but also the Member States .
At the same time , the European Commission will opt for a procedure which will increase the right to be able to increase the level of safety in maritime transport or reduce the level of safety of maritime transport .
It would mean that the provisions automatically enters into force in order to refer to the &apos; Committee on Transport &apos; , which is why it can only be possible to approve the level of safety of the international convention in a Community legal legislative instrument in the European Union .
This is the underlying idea of Article 4 of the proposal for a regulation .
The proposal for a directive now aims to refer to the &apos; Committee on maritime safety &apos; in the directives , which is obviously necessary .
The European Commission &apos; s proposal is to be welcomed , since it is an attempt to rationalise and improve the monitoring and improved monitoring of Community maritime transport issues in matters of maritime safety and environmental pollution .
With some of the amendments , the text is intended to clarify the text and ensure that the rights of the European Parliament will be guaranteed to participation in the regulatory framework .
Finally , I would like to thank the members of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for their exceptionally constructive observations and for the unanimous approval of my draft report .
Mr President , the speeches made this evening show clearly how important we are to combat &apos; ultra status &apos; and I believe that we need to continue our efforts with good reason .
I have , in fact , expressed my regret at the work of the French Presidency on the issues relating to maritime safety .
I had a great deal to expect from this presidency because he really was extremely concerned , but I was deeply disappointed .
I therefore hope that , because of what we are doing in Parliament together with the European Commission , we will continue not to accept the formulation of the Commissioner in our vigilance and to ensure that safety in maritime transport is increased .
For Europe is lagging behind in the field of safety at sea , especially vis @-@ à @-@ vis the United States which has already set strict rules .
It is not , therefore , the case that the American coast of origin should continue to pollute our coasts , and without an effective action by Parliament , the risk of further vessels from our coasts will continue to grow .
This is , after all , a month ago .
So I hope that , in the near future , we will soon adopt a genuine administrative vote in which all the necessary measures are to protect our environment .
Mr Bakopoulos - Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report a very good report aims to create a committee of maritime safety , which is a step in the right direction .
This is the first stage of the operation of the various instruments , which will replace the five existing committees by means of a single committee of maritime safety , which will enable the European Union to respond quickly to developments in international law .
I would like to thank the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for the amendments I tabled .
Safety in maritime transport contains various areas , and it seemed to me that this committee &apos; s name also involves the prevention of pollution by ships .
Similarly , protection against the &quot; shortlist &quot; of the marine environment and the quality of life and the quality of life equipment on bovine animals .
I therefore hope that the European Parliament will be following this recommendation and to prevent the safety of maritime pollution by ships in these two other areas .
In any event , I hope that , in any case , we will be able to amend the legislation in the event of disasters in order to ensure that the polluter @-@ pays principle can be applied specifically .
We must monitor more closely in order to improve the quality of the quality of the activities undertaken by them and we must be careful to ensure that insurance insurance is taken responsible for insurance insurance , which is often so often caused by a complicated legal and financial contribution to criminal prosecution .
We are going to see great hope in you , Commissioner , that this is not the case .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I too would like to thank you , Commissioner , and your team , for a very constructive and dynamic way .
After all , there is a good example of the last few days .
The final closing of the European Union &apos; s ports in the framework of trans @-@ European networks has been able to achieve exceptional attention , especially given that a European dimension of this ports is established and offered to incentives for the most vulnerable regions which are competitive .
It is acceptable , however , to be acceptable , but I would ask you to take a good will when the port &apos; s ports are at least a good will , because the limits are completely arbitrary .
The ports are going to be forgiven for and thank us .
The Commission and Parliament have made no bones about it .
We are discussing proposals to increase safety at sea .
Given the situation in the space of the seas , we should not be able to carry out the work on the seas .
The accident facing the FFH islands is only the last link in the chain of disaster and man .
Public opinion is not mixed and regularly re @-@ examined .
We must make it clear that the most important issue is that the problem in Europe is late , but it has been done right now for years .
Europe is rather a symbol for safety at sea and to prevent pollution .
This must be our clear signal to the IMO and the world , today and in the future .
The Commission puts forward its proposals in record record directives .
Last November , we adopted the Erika package .
The Council has reached an agreement at the end of December . The directive can enter into force in 2002 .
The Erika II is before the end and I am pleased to see the second package of real progress towards safety at sea .
However , this is also the opportunity to point out that , on the ground , there is an enormous amount of work on the ground , from the withdrawal of the classification societies and the world @-@ wide organisation .
I was in a visit to this last week with our colleague Mr Piecyk , who met with our colleagues the Piecyk .
The Auditors are faced with large demands and expectations and we must provide support for this .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report makes a valuable contribution to the further progress of safety .
It is true that the Committee on Industry voted in favour of a unanimous vote .
I assume that the plenary will be voting with similar conviction .
I am not just speaking for myself , but for a broad majority , if I have already referred to the establishment of the regulatory committee in maritime transport .
I also expressly support the second part of the Commission document because , if the current directives and regulations are not to be adapted to the new structure ?
We do not have an absorption instrument , we need administrative clarity , not a dozen or a dozen @-@ up committees , but a clear and dynamic structure and I believe that we will make a good example in the world .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as has already been mentioned by the rapporteur , two proposals from the Commission are covered by the Commission &apos; s document today : the first relates to the establishment of a single , so @-@ called article on safety in maritime transport and the second amendment to amend the existing directives .
The aim of all this , as has already been pointed out by the honourable Members , is to facilitate Community legislation on the safety of maritime transport and the protection of the marine environment existing and to facilitate technical progress .
We from the PSE Group support these proposals in order to simplify and welcome the proposal that the current five committees should replace the current five committees .
This committee will certainly contribute to a genuine and greater involvement of international law in Community law .
That is why we demand that both the name and the mandate of the committee are included in both ways of security and safety prevention .
I would like to finish off by commenting on a further point of view , namely the involvement of the European Parliament in these initiatives .
It is vital to guarantee the European Parliament &apos; s right to participation in the regulatory framework .
That is why we call on the Commission to ensure that Parliament has always been able to monitor the work of the committees and , hence , the possibility of the new Committee on maritime safety .
For this reason , we are also calling for the future Committee on maritime transport and the prevention of pollution between technical and substantive information in the field of maritime transport .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for a successful report .
Safety is particularly important in maritime transport .
Our Group supports the basic points of the report .
The proposed regulation and the directive makes it easier to exercise international changes in matters of maritime safety in matters of maritime transport .
The problem has been cleared up so far , which followed that the Community &apos; s regulations have been slow too slowly .
The idea of the proposal is to overcome the problems mentioned .
Changes must be simplified .
The amalgamation of the various committees involved in a Committee on maritime safety is a good measure in order to make a clearer contribution to the handling of the issues .
The minimum level of safety standards should be met with safety standards , and the purpose of the regulation contained in the regulation is to clarify the question of the law and to increase legal certainty .
In the future , we must ensure that , in particular , the procedure of the Member States will facilitate the implementation of the agreements and Community law in matters of maritime safety .
However , the Member States &apos; ability to act in the international area of the IMO should be protected .
The principle of the International Criminal Court must also be the case in the future that the International Olympic Agreement is a matter of international work , when it comes to international agreements , conclusions and regulations .
Mr President , Commissioner , in principle my Group , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , on his report , Mr Bakopoulos .
We also congratulate the Commission on its proposal and warmly congratulate the establishment of this committee on maritime safety , which is the use of 12 directives and three regulations .
You , Commissioner , have the right to walk out of history , the earth and the sea , and ultimately you will achieve it .
I naturally hope that you will succeed .
Our group will support it .
In my opinion , the copyright and fiscal principle must be considered in principle , so that these directives and international conventions are set up , as proposed by this Committee on maritime safety .
We will give you a number of recommendations .
We believe that this committee should not only be a committee which is more or less good , but it is not just a committee which is worthy of more or less good work , but to include the sensibilities of non @-@ governmental organisations , environmental organisations and trade unions .
So we are expecting the committee to attach particular emphasis on these areas , and I would like to ask you two questions : how will the work between the Committee on Transport and European Agency on maritime safety , which will soon be set up in the near future ?
Will this committee also deal with the three legislative initiatives of the Erika package ?
Mr President , the establishment of the &apos; Committee on Transport &apos; is based on the pretext that a better application of legislation on the safety of ships , the protection of the marine environment and the quality of Living and Working Conditions , is very clearly the responsibility of the European Union &apos; s policy on the safety of vessels .
The European Commission &apos; s proposals contain special provisions which undermine the role of such international organisations such as the International Civil Aviation Organisation and the International Criminal Court .
In fact , she resigned from the Member States of the European Union to participate in the adoption or implementation of amendments and resolutions of international law and resolutions , despite the fact that they were signed as a signatory to international law .
As a defender of the interests of European big business , the European Commission is opposed to the transformation of international law in opposition to international international law , and it is certainly the lives of people and the environment of monopolies .
We are not entirely opposed to these measures , but also against measures which are not effective , but also to combat the many lethal disasters and very serious treatment of the public , the preservation of the opinion of the public , the preservation of self @-@ preservation and trade union , and environmental organisations and environmental organisations .
Furthermore , the attempt to create the European centre for economic policy and the economic fabric of trade in trade with other Mediterranean countries , Japan and Australia , is to create a proper mechanism for managing maritime transport and to maintenance its preferences for maritime transport .
This leads to more general principles for discrimination which seriously threaten the effective and fundamental safety of maritime transport .
The main problem regarding the safety of ships and particularly from tankers is the road @-@ spreading process and the policy which forms part of national , regional and international levels .
This restriction cannot be watered down unless it is even more pronounced .
An example of this is the situation of the convenience of flags of convenience which are directly due to safety in maritime transport and which bear the main responsibility for most and worst accidents .
In our opinion , the safety of ships , flight crews , flight safety and the protection of the environment must be determined first and foremost vigorously opposed to the defence policy and the protection of the environment , which is based on the entry into force of the IMO and the international convention , but above all with impunity .
This policy must adapt to the composition of the ports of the increase in the high level of rules , to improve the quality of life and working conditions and to ensure the right of flight safety and trade unions and trade unions .
Thank you very much , Mr Staes .
The President was the intention to welcome your first contribution to this House and to thank you for your work as a Member .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his comprehensive report .
As a Member of the European Parliament , I am particularly angry as a Member of the European Parliament , due to the scale of the Irish Sea in the Irish Sea .
Only recently , two transportation from the Netherlands in the Canary Islands and Sellafield , which has been produced by British Nuclear Fuels , will be held in Cumbria over the next few years .
At the same time , the German Government has stated that it intends to continue the deferment of a long @-@ term veterinary bans , and this transportation by 1 July 2005 .
This means that the number of transport modes will increase .
Even though there has been a great deal of counterfeiting from documents by BNFL over the past two years by BNFL , such transportation will again come back to Japan .
However , this happens , irrespective of the fact that BNFL has been committed to a penalty of 60 million dollars .
I am particularly pleased that the international opposition to Japan is growing increasingly by the United Kingdom to Japan .
The eco @-@ label is in fact used in order to buy a British ship with clever oil , which is twice as much as those who were released at the time when the disaster was released in Chernobyl .
The Pacific eco @-@ labelling vessel , a vessel from British Nuclear Fuels , will be able to make a fresh start on the roads , since the survival of 90 tonnes of ship @-@ generated waste is going to occur before the storm in depleted uranium .
I think that the countries of the OSPAR Convention should now build on international links with other countries in the tourist industry , including countries with other countries in South America and African countries .
In the European Union , a environmental impact assessment should be carried out in the construction of new roads , water and water management , and major environmental data assessments .
Until now the British Government has denied an international environmental impact impact assessment on the most important risks for the environment and human health .
I am now asking the British Government to initiate a full and comprehensive environmental impact assessment , which will replace the ecological risks of the transport of materials in the Irish Sea .
Such an assessment should also be assessed by the European Commission .
I would like to conclude - and this is the end - that the reprocessing of reprocessing at Sellafield will be stopped .
In the meantime , however , an international convention must be concluded which will introduce safety standards for such transportation .
I would like to commend the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for his report .
Mr President , Madam Vice @-@ President of the Commission , I would like to express my opinion at the three minutes that this report , at least , is not a controversial one , and it is not a controversial one , and there are any differences in the exception which acknowledge the rule .
The Commission is working on international conventions , either in the form of rejection of the new &apos; Television &apos; Committee on maritime transport , or it does not detract from the fact that the provisions of the new &apos; transport &apos; committee would automatically enter into force .
In my opinion , this process has been improved today , simplified and creates legal certainty .
In this respect , I would like to say that Mr Bakopoulos has not proposed his amendments to the importance and presence of Parliament , but , in the same way , he agrees with this extremely sensible proposal , and only a few amendments which need to be highlighted by the participation of Parliament in the regulatory framework .
Mr President , Commissioner , I think that we are not here to vote in favour of the report by Mr Bakopoulos , which is , in my opinion , less than the fact that we express our sensitivity towards the safety of maritime transport .
The three previous reports of the so @-@ called Erika package on safety , safety in maritime transport , the closure of maritime transport , the closure of the third proposal and the third proposal on governability .
We are going to deal with the Erika @-@ package package with the three separate areas of transport .
In my opinion , the Commission &apos; s initiatives in this respect are in general pressure on the International Monetary Court of Transport , more rapidly and more rapidly , and , finally , they do not prefer to bring about solutions at international level , which we all consider to be desirable and regional .
Once again , Mr Bakopoulos .
It is also useful to have the right for the work of the supranational legislation to be amended and only to take account of such measures in Community law which help to increase the level of security at the level of security .
It is clear that the two proposals from the Commission aim to facilitate the implementation of the amendments of the European Union in the field of maritime safety and , hence , the policy on maritime safety in the area of maritime transport , as a new committee responsible .
The rapporteur with his excellent work and , in fact , in the spirit of the Commission &apos; s original intention , in the spirit of the Commission &apos; s original intention , certain amendments to prevent pollution of the marine environment by ships and the living conditions of the marine environment are undoubtedly very closely linked .
The report under discussion is also referred to in the proposal for a directive also referred to the role of the European Parliament , which is why it should not be borne in mind .
In general , the Commission has said that , with its proposals , the Commission is taking another attempt to make a further effort to implement and implement policies relating to maritime safety and the prevention of marine pollution .
In this effort , we believe that the authors of the report and our outlines of additional amendments , which I hope will be accepted by all Members of the House , will be accepted by all the Members of the House .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , the issues relating to safety in maritime and environmental protection have increased considerably since the Erika disaster .
Although the road transport disaster was a catastrophe for the European transport industry , it had many positive consequences .
The public debate , which was accompanied by the accident , and the increasing political pressure which the Commission has taken to control the European Union &apos; s legislation on maritime transport .
The Commission has also managed to present a series of proposals to improve the safety of maritime transport in a very short space of time .
As my colleagues have already done , I would like to thank you , Commissioner de Palacio , for your active contribution .
I would also like to express my thanks for the fact that you have made a positive contribution to establishing a thematic network of short sea shipping , as an important initiative of the Federal Republic of Regional Trade , Transport Minister .
Before the wreck and , in particular , the Union had quite comprehensive rules on the safety of ships and the prevention of pollution by ships .
It is also a fact that it probably has never occurred at the accident of the Erika if all existing regulations have already been met and compliance with compliance with them .
The Commission &apos; s proposal , which is to be replaced by the current committees , to replace the safety of maritime transport by means of a single committee is also welcome .
At the same time , the responsibility will be more clearer than ever to the committee .
The new committee must also monitor the implementation of legislation and to strengthen the Union in the IMO and other international organisations .
With regard to the amendment of the regulation , the Commission adopts the right to evaluate whether an international change of the rules on maritime transport should be negative .
I also support the Commission proposal in relation to the proposed procedure .
However , it is particularly important , as the rapporteur points out in his report , that Parliament has sufficient rights to take part in the regulatory procedure to take part in the regulatory procedure .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , on his excellent work and the speed and effectiveness which this process has been adopted and dealt with .
I would also like to thank all the speakers and especially Mrs Grossetête for the position of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , for their contributions and support .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , your congratulations to the Commission on the subject of the excellent work carried out throughout this year in the area of maritime transport , I shall certainly convey to the services of the Directorate @-@ General for Energy and Transport , which , without doubt , has helped to meet the increasing demands of the citizens .
You have , of course , already referred to these requirements , but the Erika disaster has been such a catalyst .
As quite rightly stated , this proposal is intended to replace the relevant committees responsible for the safety of maritime transport , which is therefore an attempt to simplify , clarify and coherence .
They should all be replaced by one committee , and on the other hand , the updating of Community legislation on maritime transport will be facilitated by the development of international conventions on dependence on maritime transport .
I would like to express my appreciation for your work and your proposals , specifically in favour of the amendments , which remind us that the European Parliament has a crucial role to play in the framework of the reform process .
The Commission will have all these amendments which have been the subject of the Convention between the institutions in its original version of the uniform formulations concerning comitology and include documents .
We would also like to remind Parliament for the fact that the only committee , which is proposing to establish safety in maritime transport , is not just to deal with safety of the sea , but also with the prevention of pollution by ships .
However , we cannot include - although we are prepared to include the prevention of pollution by ships on behalf of the name - the protection of the marine environment .
This is simply the case that pollution of the marine environment can also affect pollution of the marine environment in the marine environment , which may cause pollution from the floods in the marine environment , which may cause pollution , also other actions , to the coastlines of the coastlines , and not with the problem of safety in maritime transport .
That is why we cannot accept this general definition , which would mean a different kind of responsibilities which the committee is not responsible ; what we can include , but what we can include is the specific addition of preventing pollution from ships &apos; .
We accept Amendments Nos 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 and 10 .
There are simply a few changes to Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 7 and 11 .
It is not acceptable for us to accept Amendments 5 and 12 because of this particular aspect of the protection of marine environment in connection with other problems as safety of maritime transport .
Before concluding , I should like to say that , as Mrs Grossetête has said , we should not cease to continue to be vigilant .
We need to tighten up the overall disruption of maritime transport , which , as I have stressed in other contexts , will not be more credible than the number of ships or the quality of goods and components of this freight @-@ transport package , which has been possible just a half years ago .
Mr President , Mr Fitzsimons , for example , Mr Fitzsimons , we have referred to the problem of road transport and , of course , we have included it in the discussion of the Erika II package .
In specific terms , the directive on the posting of radioactive materials is required to pay attention to the need for a collection of radioactive materials , that is to say a salary of radioactive materials .
We are also aware - and I would like to see Mrs Langenhagen and Mr Hatzidakis reply - that if there is a global sector in the world , we have been aware of the maritime transport industry .
This has been the case for air transport , but air transport has a greater tradition .
That is why we must ensure that the International Whaling Committee is awarded its demands .
In this respect , the countries of the Union are in relation to the International Accounting Standards as a catalyst for transferring environmental charges and safety and guarantee the safety of flight crews and the demands for protecting the safety of flight crews and guaranteeing safety of flight crews .
Mr Bautista Ojeda , I would like to reply to the fact that the Agency for safety at sea and the Committee on maritime safety has different competences .
The latter &apos; s role in the latter is strictly related to Community legislation on maritime safety and is limited to the Commission &apos; s proposals to update the directives and regulations to update the directives and regulations .
Consequently , a legislative function has a legislative function , whereas the Agency does not have any legislative function and does not interfere in legislation , although it may be possible to submit proposals .
It is a body of technical assistance for the Member States and the Commission , and it is a body which is as an observatory for the application of Community legislation as an element of disseminating information and therefore transparency for the entire sector .
But it does not have a legislative function .
So there are two different ways of linking .
I believe that the integration of ports in the trans @-@ European networks , as some of you have said in another speech , is a key element in promoting integration or integration of all transport systems in the intermodal system .
I would like to close by thanking you for your contributions and for your work .
Just a few moments ago Mrs Langenhagen said that there is a considerable amount of work in ports .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that , in recent times , you are extremely hard to work on the part of the Commission services .
Interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the common position on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system ( C5 @-@ 0303 / 2000 - 1999 / 0252 ( C5 @-@ 0303 / 2000 ) - 1999 / 0252 ( COD ) .
Mr President , I would like to thank you for the floor at second reading of a report which is of great importance to the future of the railways in Europe and to the realisation of a Europe of railways .
The last few months under the presidency &apos; s presidency will undoubtedly be decisive for the future of Europe &apos; s railways .
Following the conciliation procedure on the Swoboda / EFA report , the opening up of the networks , and the liberalisation of the networks , can be achieved .
Now there is still a lack of technical coherence in various areas , and this is , of course , not entirely easy to overcome the networks with major national characteristics and in @-@ specific nature .
The basic purpose of this draft directive is to guarantee technical and technological interoperability in the field of cross @-@ border transport between the fifteen different European networks .
The situation is very complex .
There are fifteen headings , five to six separate gauges , five @-@ six equipment , different equipment , procedures and different kinds of information systems , separate systems of access to the transport industry .
And when opening up the road to road transport was simply removed from the railways , they still face all these technical obstacles in the railways .
It was now a first directive that was adopted in 1996 , because it was a new network , namely the high @-@ speed network , the high @-@ speed rail network , and this demonstrates today .
In this respect , it was decided that , in order to obtain consultation with railway companies , infrastructure managers and industry for each port of the railway service for the interoperability of the railways .
There is a technical specification for each of these types of traffic , which , in turn , will be a specification for the individual components .
We have an enormous amount of work and we have chosen to adopt a high @-@ scale approach to the high @-@ speed approach .
Since the work is being done so much time , it is important where it is possible to achieve a positive amount of progress , where it is possible to achieve a positive reduction in terms of income .
The basic approach is based on the following approach : evaluating the various measures and use of costs and use of costs and to decide whether or not the appropriate action should be implemented at a later date .
Above all , progress must , of course , be made , particularly with regard to information , the process of information , the procedures , the procedures for cross @-@ border traffic , and at a later date , in the framework of a convergence process , which will be established in the context of a convergence process , such as the problems relating to the problems of stock and equipment .
I believe , ladies and gentlemen , that I would like to thank all the Members who have worked in this report , because we have done a considerable amount of work at first reading .
No 46 amendments have been tabled and Parliament has voted on it .
The amendments have been accepted by the 46 amendments , and I commend the Council and Commission meetings in the form presented in the form presented by the Commission , which is a very extensive legislative process , and that is a very large legislative process which will end up .
The Council and the Commission have adopted many amendments to Parliament and to make a clear correction in the vote with the users and staff , the incorporation of the candidate countries at the start of work , as a clear correction to the derogations , because some countries are fully confused .
The Council has also made a very important contribution to the issue of safety and access to persons with non @-@ negotiable mobility .
I personally welcome the fact that we have been able to draw up such a ambitious document as quickly as possible , with which the Europe of railways is in the process of today &apos; s Europe .
There are still two crucial questions to be answered , Commissioner : the question of tariffs , which are of course crucial today , and the question of financing the infrastructure , and the question of financing the infrastructure , for example , is necessary so that we can rapidly achieve progress in this area .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , at the mini @-@ session in two weeks ago we have voted on the so @-@ called railway package and we agreed that this is a great success for Parliament and the European Community .
Tomorrow , at second reading , we will vote on the Savary report on the interoperability of rail transport in Europe .
Liberalisation of technical standards must be the necessary and essential condition for the safe cross @-@ border railway network .
At first reading , all sides have done a great deal of work and work in this very technical proposal and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Savary , for this report .
The effort had been made by the Council until there are few exceptions to Parliament &apos; s amendments .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats will be voting in favour of its positions in a majority of the amendments , and this is the reason why we have not received any further amendments at second reading .
I had an amendment to Parliament at first reading , which was adopted by Parliament at first reading , but it was not adopted by the Council .
There were no three votes in order to vote .
It was a matter of establishment that consents and appointment should be carried out for autonomous external action .
The background to this motion is that , in addition to the proper economic interests of certain Member States , many serious incidents in the textile industry , which may be due to an unnecessary examination , are due to an unnecessary examination .
These authorisations and assessments have been carried out in part from the Department itself , partly by the independent third countries themselves .
The debate in committee expressed great sympathy for all sides , including the Commission .
The wordings which have now been chosen in Articles 18 and Annex , represent our concerns , but we cannot be satisfied here today .
The Commission &apos; s pledges , the independent and monetary requirements and maintenance of customs provisions in the petrol area should be taken as quickly as possible , and not to table any further compromise in plenary .
However , in future terms , we will be looking very carefully at whether the Commission deems the promises of promises .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to say a few words on behalf of my Group .
I would , of course , like to congratulate Mr Savary on his very good work , which is so good that we will be able to conclude them and not even the exciting conciliation procedure .
But I am very pleased , and it has already been pointed out that , with the rail package which we have been able to decide recently , we have been able to decide with the rail package , and I myself have done a great deal of work together with a Corsican package , which the Commissioner has also contributed very substantially .
Not only is this a revolutionary compromise but a very good package !
Secondly , what is the question : do we intend to be complacent ?
Is things the case in the railway area ?
Mr Savary has already pointed out that there are still some open points .
The Commissioner has already announced the question of opening up market markets in the transport of goods and passenger transport and , in my opinion , the work has already begun , and I think that this is very important in relation to the issue of working conditions and the environment .
The big problem is competition between rail and road .
What we have done and tomorrow means that we will be able to make railways more competitive .
All those who are always talking about competition must also be said : competition means that competition , the conditions of competition , are certain , and that is not the case with rail and road transport .
If we are talking about sustainable development and the environment in the Swedish Presidency , we are in favour of reducing the heat in the European Union &apos; s energy policy , in order to reduce this heat , in particular , in the field of production , in particular .
I am not aware of the need to give priority to the railways , because it would mean that if we were to deliver the railways in the same terms as road .
These issues are crucial , however , with enlargement .
If we see how different the countries in the candidate countries are , such as the fact that the railway is a part of the railway , then we must do all we can to do so .
Because the best and most cooperative railway system in the Western part of this continent is nothing more than possible , if we do not , at the same time , make better progress in Eastern and South @-@ east Europe , and the European Union must make a major contribution to this .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate Mr Savary on the magnificent work he has done in this important but difficult issue , which he has done in this important but difficult issue .
Together with the reports adopted this week on the liberalisation of the railways , this report is a breakthrough in the development of the European railway industry .
It was made a success during the Finnish Presidency and made a success of France .
The improvement of the railways &apos; competitiveness is essential so that congestion can be reduced on motorways and airports .
The development of railway transport is also a step towards the environment .
The improvement of the railway system is a necessary precondition for the successful implementation of the Rail Package .
It has been too long for too long , but now Mr Savary has managed to solve this difficult situation .
There is a great deal to be done , but the start has now been made .
Our group supports Mr Savary &apos; s proposal to support the Council &apos; s common position in this form .
The main amendments made by Parliament have been taken into account and that the proposal can therefore be rapid .
At the same time , we should not forget that the interoperability of railway networks is a factor of stability .
It is therefore important to set up a timetable for implementing a timetable and to establish the networks which are really a priority .
I would also like to thank Mr Savary for having recognised the special needs of Finland .
The compromise reached on the use of Russian wagons in transport between Finland and Russia is jeopardised in the objectives set out in the report , but also safeguard further transportation of transport in the European Union .
I believe that the importance of this solution to the whole Union will be visible if we start to use the enormous natural resources of Russia in the north @-@ west of Russia .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Savary , we should really do this without debate , but a debate is a good one , but a debate is well placed to respect the situation .
There has been a fruitful dialogue .
You are asking for a good dialogue with the social partners , with the social partners , but you yourself have a self @-@ exemplary way of doing so , with the result that a product can be found by means of a product which we can start .
We are basically talking about a situation which is so distressing .
Finally , the liberalisation , opening up of international transport , which we have discussed last time .
There are two forms of interoperability which means that transport between countries is possible in different systems .
Part three are still outstanding .
I have already talked about this very briefly .
As far as section of the Commission is concerned , it is not only the fault of this Commission and we have already heard Commissioner Wallström at the next time that we are going to work hard to ensure that emission standards and energy consumption are available to the rail package .
As everyone knows , standards for lorries have been aggravated , and that means that relative advantage is being given to the railways , and it also means that this mode of transport should take part in the adoption of this mode of transport than others .
I would like to address a few minor points , especially in a sense .
We now come to the knowledge that there is huge investment in this connection .
It has already been mentioned in Recital 9 , which has already been mentioned in Recital 9 .
The state , and then we are , at the same time , insist on a further package of external costs at the same time .
There must still be a certain amount of support in order to ensure that this industry is able to compete in such a level that it is competitive but supported .
This may seem odd , but that is what we have to do well in our debates on the White Paper .
The second question which I ask is whether the Commission has discussed with the social partners and the studies that have been carried out in the railway sector , particularly in the most general manner of the needs of the railway sector .
I am not aware of whether this investigation has now been published and what it will mean for the future .
There must be a certain language .
What language will we be talking about ?
Do we know English as in international customs or aviation ?
Or will it be English for railway transport ?
If that is the case , then I would now suggest that we will only be English in Parliament .
All communication simplifies the whole communication .
Mr President , during the preparation of the parliamentary debate on 16 May last year , Mr Savary pointed out that modernisation , enlargement of the railways and internationalisation of the railway system will not mean that a decision was taken at the end of the last century .
This trend was characterised by a nearby state of liberalisation , which makes it unnecessary for liberalisation and privatisation .
The rapporteur has made it clear that there is no need for a shift in the cleaning @-@ up of the arms or bad management of areas which are separate from the rest of Europe .
A lot of what we decided at then was much from the Council .
I congratulate the rapporteur on this result .
In contrast to Mr Jarzembowski &apos; s proposals , my group agrees with the outcome .
I will now take note of the technical details of the proposal and I would ask you to look into the ongoing problems .
As far as developments of European railways are concerned , we must always have a delicate eye .
In the nineteenth century , the different track supplier and air traffic unions have been able to function as European a European system .
This does not mean that the individual States are not guilty of their own but also with each other with each other .
Today , the Pyrenees are still working in the European Union , which must be restored to the Pyrenees .
In the 20th century , migration systems and the associated security systems that are once again divided the railway network .
During the borders of the border , the locomotive has had to be the locomotive over the other .
The threats of the twenty @-@ first century constitute a combination of technical development and competition .
Until now , it has been the case that in Germany the railway network would cause the railway network once again .
In the Netherlands , it is still a case of the Treaty of Amsterdam , even if there is no prospect of the Treaty of Amsterdam , even though there is no prospect of converting it on telecom and Hamburg to Berlin .
This is how this technology may well be interesting in many ways , and it is , in fact , tantamount to a system of the rest of the system .
The interests of individual companies who want to spread their latest technology should not be the factor .
Despite the integration of the railways , the disintegration of the railways are spreading .
The International Environmental Agency is more unusual .
It is often to be seen outside the country that it is too late outside the country .
Not so long ago , there was a direct chance of Cologne to Athens , from Paris to Lisbon or from Amsterdam to Copenhagen .
Now it is no longer possible .
It is four months of the next short @-@ term train in Stockholm .
In addition to technical measures that are subject to this report , we urgently need to end up with this fragmentation of rail transport .
It is no longer acceptable that rail transport should be borne by the passengers for a large distances on the road and freight transport .
Mr President , there is a growing internal market which will become a recurring theme in the railway structures .
In the case of the 15 Member States of the European Union , the 15 Member States of the European Union have four separate gauges and 15 separate systems .
In ten years &apos; time , the Union may probably be more than 25 or 27 Member States and the differences in systems will probably be even greater .
This problem cannot simply eliminate the use of new and seemingly determined solutions .
With regard to the opening of the longest , combined and multiracial Europe of Europe , we should remember that the problem of the veritable interoperability of Europe has been resolved by Sweden and Denmark last summer .
The opposite is true , and Denmark has become a perfectly different one .
Unfortunately , this has been added to the fact that Swedish railways are left behind , on the Danish market .
There are various reasons for the serious disparities between the countries of Europe in this area , and all of them are essential .
One reason for the fact that the individual countries have experienced their railways at various times , one has been aware of the fact that it should never be possible for us to continue to drive the labour market into the single market .
In today &apos; s Europe , where we are now talking about the four fundamental freedoms and where the free movement of goods , people , services , services and capital across borders will be guaranteed any obstacle to the problem .
It is therefore necessary to use any sort of restriction on the removal of barriers .
We need to be able to harmonise and take harmonisation in different areas , as well as good . &quot;
The Commission &apos; s initiative on the gradual harmonisation of rail systems is therefore very important .
One of the first steps is the trans @-@ European rail systems .
It is important that we continue to keep two observations in our work .
First of all , this work will not be solved overnight , and it will cause high costs , not least when we want to start the trans @-@ European networks at the beginning of the trans @-@ European networks .
In addition to this , we need to change this approximation with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe in the long term .
Secondly , there can at least be room for a successful solution , without all the countries involved in the same system .
These are all trains who are living on border borders in Europe today , thanks to the possibility of developing new technology in water technology .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is an excellent example of how Parliament can manage to take decisions on such an important subject as the interoperability of the railway system in the European Union , and to avoid the conciliation procedure and a third reading .
I would therefore like to congratulate Mr Savary on his expertise , his expertise and his expertise to show how much European Parliament &apos; s intervention is to be able to achieve more important provisions , such as social provisions , the position of the users of users or eastward enlargement .
This is a lesson for those who wish to facilitate Parliament &apos; s capabilities for a swift decision .
This directive , which we accepted at the last session in Brussels , will hopefully be possible to ensure that it is not good intentions in Europe that we are not in the good intentions and that rail transport is a key role to play in road transport .
For a country such as Portugal , which is in the very high south @-@ west of Europe , the interoperability of rail transport has a fundamental importance .
Anyone at the end or at the beginning of a railway system is always dependent on intense cross @-@ border transport .
Access to ports in the railway networks is a crucial step towards improving the transport of transport , to reduce the cost of transport and a more competitive approach to the European railway industry .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , although I am particularly pleased with the transport of transport , I am delighted that we have achieved a good outcome , not least the result of Mr Savary &apos; s hard work .
There is no doubt that the competitiveness of railways must be improved , which plays a particularly important role in the areas of congestion in Europe .
Europe needs a long @-@ term trading system which is based on a common goal .
Rail transport must be healthy , benefits and costs .
In that way , both industry and environmental organisations can agree .
This miracle is also possible .
The improvement of the railways &apos; competitiveness must , in particular , be carried out by reducing the costs of railways in the rail sector and increase growth .
At the moment , the taxpayer &apos; s taxpayers are still excessive money , irrespective of whether or not they use the train or not .
It is time that the poor state of the State should be able to make a new viable and quieter business .
The railway undertakings are also facing a great deal of the past ; they are in the wake of the volatility of the world &apos; s fateful and economic growth .
At the same time , passenger transport is based on a completely personal area and its most important environmental standards .
The question of the draft directive as a whole does make sense .
Harmonising technical standards will lead to improving the competitiveness of rail systems without any negative effects on the position of other countries .
The setting up of priorities , which must be carried out by cost @-@ benefit analysis , is an important factor in which the initial measures can be put into effect without spending the initial measures .
If this directive is not an example of the added value of the EU , it will be possible for this to be added .
In this respect , I would like to remind you of one important aspect for Finland .
Finland has a thousand kilometres of common border with Russia a thousand kilometres .
Nearly 40 per cent of the goods generated by the railways will be found through Russia .
As Finland and Russia have a common , but from other EU countries , there are also many Russian countries in Finland , in Finland , after the indigenous borders market .
After all , Finland is justified and sometimes unfounded .
However , the use of Russian wagons in the transport of transport between our countries is , in fact , that if we send our wagons on the border side , it is often the last time that they are getting bogged down .
From practical considerations , it is necessary to have Russian wagons too .
The rapporteur , Mr Savary , has made every effort to draw attention to the issue and I would like to thank him for his gratitude .
Ladies and gentlemen , we have made enormous progress since the invention of the river industry has made enormous progress .
Nevertheless , we are still far from having a long way from our work .
In the final analysis , I am not so happy about the three seconds which I have just received .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , everything I would like to say is that I can only underline this , but I would like to add my voice to this .
So I congratulate my colleague , Gilles Savary , for his reporting and for the directive on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail systems .
This has also been urgently needed because interoperability is a prerequisite and the basis for liberalisation , also in the international freight transport package , which we have developed together with the rail package .
The difficulties faced by rail transport in Europe at high @-@ speed trains are that we in Europe find ourselves in a large number of national systems which can have a huge amount of national systems , and only speed of new development and change , and , of course , competition with other modes of transport , and of course competition with other modes of transport .
Nevertheless , the pressure on the future of the railways needs to be desired .
The directive should therefore be implemented quickly .
It is also good to create a single market for the telecommunications market .
I hope that the corresponding bodies and procedures set out by technical specifications are progressing quickly and concentrate on the fast @-@ track : congestion , security and consumer protection .
The rapporteur and Parliament , in addition to the technical specifications , have also introduced social provisions in the directive , as well as the strategic participation of the candidate countries in drawing up TSIs .
That is good .
On the safety aspects of the third country , I would have liked to have been able to vote for the formal third country when we still have situations in some countries and , of course , there are situations where there are situations in certain countries and that of course in this respect .
The reference to subsidiarity seems to me to be too slow in this context .
I would like to commend Mrs Jeggle on this issue and I would now like to look forward to that .
Mr President , I would first of all like to point out that the Commission has noted with satisfaction that the European Parliament has given this report and this initiative .
In particular , the European Parliament approved the common position adopted on 10 November , and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism has been discussing a first draft report on 4 December .
I should also like to express my satisfaction and appreciation to the rapporteur , Mr Savary , and the whole committee , and especially Mr Savary .
It is a matter which is quite difficult to bring forward and its heart , which is quite complicated , and it has been possible to make progress quickly .
Finally , the whole railway package which we have had in the course of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 , by which the major objectives decided by the year 2000 and the beginning of 2001 - have taken a clear account of the fact that the Finnish Presidency played an important role .
This directive is a fundamental work which is important , because it is a key element in implementation and implementation , because it is a key element in the article which I referred to when the Package was adopted , namely opening up international freight for competition .
What we do with this last measure of interoperability is the establishment of a European railway .
This is a fact that it is far more extensive to open up a sector or to make certain specific technical conditions .
It is extremely important in the short term of European construction , it is the construction of a European railway .
As you know , the European Parliament has just introduced an agreement with the Council on this whole package , which has been set up as a provisional date for the complete opening up of the year 2008 .
Both Mr Swoboda and Mr Jarzembowski , the rapporteur , have played a decisive role in this package .
I think that these measures should not be effective if we do not , at the same time , find ourselves in the assessment , as Mr Savary pointed out , in order to overcome the technical clauses .
That is the intention of this measure .
A number of important users and some operators who want to make use of the transport of the trans @-@ European rail network have recently made use of the Commission &apos; s services in recent times , in recent times , to a large range of technical or non @-@ inflationist obstacles which are hindering the organisation of international freight .
In this context , this directive will be even more important and will allow the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system to overcome some of these barriers and to overcome some of these barriers .
In this respect , I would like to congratulate you once again on the success of this directive at second reading .
It means guaranteeing a European dimension to the creation of a competitive market and a considerable amount of profits for the benefit of companies and to overcome the quantity of technical barriers , which often result in the result of agreements with their local suppliers in a competitive market .
The Commission will always look into the way and soul of the application of this directive , and it always depends on the fact that the ability of all players involved - operators , railway companies and so forth - depend on the ability to find their experience and to find effective economic solutions and avoid solutions which may unfortunately arise in some cases .
Mr Bouwman has asked me a few questions .
Specifically , the consultation regarding the opinions of the various user users and various elements , such as the service , the providers of the private sector , etc . , and also the road users , users and others in the adoption of technical specifications on interoperability .
This is one of the aspects which I would like to highlight .
As regards the economic impact of interoperability , whether or not to ensure that a single system has been put in place in the future , I have to say that , in the future , a single technical specification has to be carried out by Mr Vatanen for a minimum technical specification on the grounds of a harmonised technical specification on the explanatory statement .
Therefore , as I have already said , we see rapprochement between two stages .
A number of measures are speedily applied , as the rapporteur , Mr Savary , has pointed out : for example , there is a need for a European licence for the benefit of the information unit , for example , as far as possible , a European licence to be able to make a European licence , questions relating to tax issues , issues which are quickest .
However , there are other issues which have much more complicated control , such as harmonisation of the design , the design of the tunnels , to ensure that all the more stringent costs are removed .
This will take a little longer .
With regard to the points raised by Mr Swoboda , I would like to say that we are waiting for the open measures to be able to propose the internal safety directive in the transport of goods and the issue of the transport of goods in goods and passenger transport .
Of course , the entire enlargement of the European Union is a key factor in the railway sector because the element of rail transport in the new countries is crucial for their development and the possibility of balanced growth .
Thank you , Mr President , thank you very much , Mr Savary , and the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Floods in the Irish Sea
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation with measures to repair the Irish Sea in the Irish Sea ( COM ( 2000 ) &#93; - 2000 / 2154 ( COM / 2000 ) :
Mr President , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the rapporteur is not present .
I would like to make a brief text shortly .
I am not haggling , but I am the coordinator of the PPE .
I believe that this text is , in fact , a text of my Group - a text of my Group - at least one .
It is very short .
I would then like to make the proposal that accidents are currently so far in place , as Members are present .
As you obviously agree , I would like to read the English version of the English text , which I am referring to the English text which I am referring to in the sea Sea .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , wearing hours , wishes to break back to the Commission for the restoration of water purification , to the end of the river Sea .
During all the time @-@ time @-@ time boy , night flights is a shot in the daily struggle for an anti @-@ traffic campaign .
In other words , in order to be able to opt for an anti @-@ competitive approach to the neo @-@ colonial state of affairs , the neo @-@ Nazi style of neo @-@ colonial positions are allowed to be confiscated in port @-@ based and neo @-@ à @-@ vis a port @-@ based format for the flood of the river .
Mr President , I am sorry that Mr Nicholson cannot be present .
Having read this text , I would like to comment on my own comments .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , today we are debating the report by the honourable Member , Mr Nicholson , which I would like to thank for his rapid and precise work .
He has working working time .
However , we have not been filled with the Council &apos; s urgent sense of urgency and we are very pleased that we can take something more seriously .
Expenditure on TACs and its state of affairs has been heralded by the TACs and its indicative efforts far too late , but unfortunately in the negative sense .
This must be our politicians , as well as everyone else .
The prices for cod and other fish will , at the same time , involve the fishermen , but the fishermen will have problems for their homes and to feed their families in the long term .
A more important and historic forest of our coastal regions is becoming more and more serious .
The closures are not only applicable to this limited area , which is the report &apos; s report , but also to large parts of the North Sea .
The stocks have fallen drastically in all areas .
It is also positive to say that , under your leadership , Commissioner , the Commission has reacted quickly and forcefully without waiting for the Commission to wait without or wait for regulations .
It is now up to us to monitor these measures and draw up the lessons of our future policies .
Obviously , this catalogue of responsibility will also be taken into account and in particular the Member States .
But the question remains : why had to be made so far ?
Why do we always have to leave ourselves from this type of traffic ?
When will we finally make real sustainability in our fisheries policy ?
The sign has not been marked by the Irish Sea since yesterday , not just in the Irish Sea .
By means of the consumer , fishermen and the fishing industry - that is the urgent hour !
Can we give fishermen the opportunity to make proposals on the ground , despite all the efforts that the Commission has made to be able to make proposals on the environment and the possibility of doing so ?
What are we doing at all levels at all levels , together with the latest scientific results in our policy ?
If we do not at last take a very tight line , the next crisis will probably be around the next crisis .
It is only the newly off @-@ going issue which is extremely worrying .
We must finally act and not just react .
When do we learn that ?
How many sectors of industry need to think about the BSE chaos , and I would just like to think about the BSE chaos ?
We need to be more than ever , and more generally , in general and more generally , to take the wind from the hatred , and not just words , but rather from deeds .
This proposal is in the right direction .
I welcome , above all , the flexible way in which the establishment of water charges is to be set up , and the proactive handling of derogations .
This way shows that the interests of fishermen are being taken into account in the interests of a non @-@ financing ban , but the possibility of using other fishing quotas , however , is to be allowed to continue .
But at the same time , I stress that this is only a step in the right direction .
In other waters , the problems are similar to the problems , and if they have not yet been so clear - the Irish Sea should send us all a strong signal .
There is a lot still to be done .
I urge the Council and the Commission to develop further measures within the framework of fisheries policy so that we really have a future .
Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur , in his absence and Mrs Langenhagen , for your comments .
Mrs Langenhagen has a striking impression of the levels of inequality in the Irish Sea .
As Mrs Langenhagen said , the Irish Sea is all of us in favour of how a possible management of water can be released .
The amount of outdated cod has been halved over six years .
In 1993 , there were eight 000 tonnes in 1993 , only 5 500 tonnes were signed .
If the gas @-@ cod plant in the Irish Sea is to be possible , it will also be necessary for the 2001 regulation to be done , albeit not confusing .
It is also a model for other regions .
The North Sea has a similar situation .
As far as spirits are concerned , it appears as much as possible that the TAC has halved and a new flood @-@ fire for cod .
Since the start of the day , major pre @-@ location the North Sea will be protected .
Another consequence of the recovery rate for the coming months is that the other regions , which have not been allowed to obtain a ban , are concerned .
For example , the fishermen &apos; s fishermen are making their use of the nuclear material in the North Sea - partly in the Irish Sea - an adverse impact on cod stocks in the Irish Sea .
According to the fishing industry in these waters , people fear that these safeguards are negative and they lead to the aviation industry .
Such anxiety is exacerbated by the opening up of the world &apos; s opening up with the opening up of a strong number of candidate countries , except on the occasion of the use of the banned species .
In the introduction of safeguard measures , we must consider the negative consequences for the others .
There is a irony that there is an enormous amount of money to protect the fishing industry in another region .
Finally , I would like to say that the reform of the common fisheries policy and the adoption of the Green Paper in March for conservation and fisheries resources are crucial .
We must find the right balance between sustainability and a successful industry .
In my opinion , the reform of the common fisheries policy offers a chance .
We must ensure that we adopt proper reforms .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , although he is not present .
Mr President , in his report on fishing in the Irish Sea , Mr Nicholson is aware that this region is the dubious privilege of being given to the use of emergency measures to preserve the ground .
Such measures will be carried out this year in the North Sea and they are intended to protect the highest possible level of protection at the end of April by the end of April .
Why should we now have to use a common fisheries policy for so many years whose priority is conservation in the Irish Sea and the North Sea to emergency measures ?
We must accept the need for these short @-@ term measures , but we should also learn from mistakes in the past and make reasonable long @-@ term proposals for the management of the fisheries sector in order to develop such situations .
The technical measures which have been introduced in areas such as Scotland for the first time have to be built in areas such as Scotland , and they must be extended to all areas of aid .
Action must be taken in order to prevent the gap from being transferred to other regions and stocks .
The effects of environmental data must be investigated carefully , both in relation to the selection of flags of convenience and their effects on the whole food chain .
In the coming years , we will be able to expect a clear fall in fisheries activities in the coming years , and this means that many families and communities in our tourist industry - substantial pay for the income and revenue plants - substantial pay for income .
As in certain regions , the economic and social consequences of the new Convention which have not been concluded with Morocco will also have a impact on the long @-@ term killings in the long term , in the long term , in the long term .
This gives us the opportunity to reflect on similar financial instruments for these regions .
The revision of the CFP is a challenge , but also a chance .
I hope that the solution we have proposed will actually work .
This is the best way to achieve that all those affected - fishermen , processors , scientists , scientists and the North Sea are involved in the new fisheries policy , so that we can work together on the new fisheries policy .
Mr President , the transport industry is largely from sea .
People cannot live there , but we are making use of the sea becoming more intensive .
Not only is it going to arrive at the other continent , but also to spend oil on oil to gain from the other continent to gain and produce electricity .
mercury , lead and radioactive waste is the animal for human consumption and the fish for human consumption .
Large @-@ scale coastal waters , bans on water and water breaks , which previously fishing the fish catch of the fish , have changed fundamentally by means of humans .
The sea was a long time ago for a long time .
The sea is increasingly being deprived of increasingly larger fishing vessels and ever @-@ growing technology .
This is happening in Europe &apos; s living conditions , but even more so by European ships in the African coastline .
I have already said to the Treaties about the Treaties which the European Union has signed with countries in the third world to fish in the sea .
In the short term , this is a solution to the food requirements of Europe and we pay for poor countries , but , in the long term , that does not mean that , in the long term , it does not benefit .
The needs of fish are unstoppable , while stocks of pollution from sea and pollution are becoming worse .
Some fishermen are still waiting for the sea to bear the bill for repairing the sea .
Last week , I heard a letter on Dutch television in an interview on Dutch television , which is always the case in the Bible .
Such words should be seen as much as possible in the future .
It is therefore a good thing to welcome the fact that there are times and areas where the river is concerned , i.e. when , when and where there is no longer any longer being fished .
For the same reasons , quotas must be limited .
The rapporteur has said that the landings of cod in Ireland have fallen dramatically over the last ten years to the east coast of Ireland and Northern Ireland .
The amount now is not even another fifth of the 1990s at the beginning of the 1990s .
The actual volume of fish , low @-@ level sizes , have fallen in a quarter of a quarter .
So little resources are available in the sea .
However , the rapporteur wants the insurance quotas to be limited in the case of the fishing quotas , for six weeks between 22 February and 30 April , and they are critical of the huge extension of the fishing industry during the winter .
Producers are protest when they gain the impression that national governments are disadvantaged , while their colleagues from other countries still fish from the sea .
It would then be possible to put an end to the pressure of measures and to permit more exemptions .
In this way , the attention of the need to reduce fishing quotas is at risk .
Because of short @-@ term scenarios , each arbitrary abuse and opposition illustrates .
Nevertheless , it is better to close more areas for long @-@ term operations than the fish due to inadequate measures .
This is what we are talking about here , with regard to the North Sea .
Mr President , the continuity of cod is seriously threatened throughout European waters .
The Commission is right to propose measures which should protect these fish from eradicating them .
However , as the Commission announced for the North Sea , the measure announced for the North Sea is also the measure of the Irish Sea .
The Commission &apos; s actions are based mainly on political viability and the necessary scientific foundations .
In the case of the recovery of the North Sea for the North Sea , an initiative was created which mainly affects the Dutch fishing fleet .
From a political point of view , it is a good thing to implement the Dutch fleet , i.e. the Dutch fleet , which is obviously a good example of other Member States and fleets .
This is why the fall in the Netherlands and the alternative alternatives cannot be learnt in any way .
It is not enough to do so on the road transport market , not in the North Sea and also in the Irish Sea .
Fisheries is , in fact , dependent on the open areas which may arise and where new cod is concerned .
If fishing is transferred in areas where there is a large number of juveniles in large numbers , the measure will even hinder the cost of the tax burden .
Nor does the North Sea prohibit the North Sea Sea non @-@ nuclear banks , in which animal animals are fished , in which most infected animals are fished in the near future .
Fisheries fishing in the open areas will also suffer from other species and damage to other species .
The proposed Dutch State Secretary @-@ General for fishing , on the other hand , provides a far greater scope for cod on the other .
This plan , which , according to all probability on cod , should be taken off in a significant number of weeks &apos; time , and it will be possible to rescue cod .
It is just as important that this plan will be supported by both the administrative and the fisheries sector .
However , the Commission believes it should not be conservative .
The result of your electoral policy has led to the fact that we will soon be able to find a European water system in a European water , namely !
Unfortunately , Mr Nicholson refers to the Commission &apos; s attitude , unfortunately .
Of course the stocks of fishing are considerable , but it is still far greater if there is no link to any cod .
The Commission must consider how it can follow the fishermen &apos; s financial obligations , without doubt the fishermen .
In order to ensure the future , the Dutch fishermen are prepared to provide them with the same determination and I am convinced that the fishermen are entitled to the same determination .
Now the Commission is lacking .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to apologise for your apologies , your predecessors and the House .
My problems began early on the last morning when my flight came to London .
British Socialist and excellent work of their staff , I am in complete late here , but I am at present here today .
It was not my intention to interrupt the House , and I would like to apologise .
I have heard Mr van Hulten &apos; s remarks about the Commission &apos; s intensive approach to the Commission and how well @-@ how to respond to the Dutch fishermen .
Mr Van Dam should read my report because I have not criticised the Commission or the fishermen .
This problem is not easy to solve , but it is very serious .
In my own region , the fishermen in my region were a year ago .
They must now live the second year .
Mr van Dam and the Scottish fishermen who are currently affected by a non @-@ fishing ban , I would like to say that the fishermen from my own region have not only been executed but also very positive news .
You have cooperated with the Commission in relation to technical measures and that is very serious .
The arbitrary force of his fishing grounds for such a long period is not easy for anyone .
It is all the more difficult if there is no assistance to the industry in this situation .
That is the point I would like to highlight .
When I am to say that , when I am talking about the fact that the Commission is submitting specific proposals - whether or not the Commission is willing to present specific ideas , it is the Commission &apos; s intention to produce their ideas , and we will take into account them in constructive ways .
The problem , however , is that national authorities are not going to make serious proposals to support fishermen in the region and not the British authorities .
There is no difference between a conservative government or a Labour Government .
Not one nor the others would ever provide real aid to the fishermen .
I have tabled an amendment to my report and I would ask the Commission to take it into account .
The aim is to allow fishermen to continue the follow @-@ up to the fishing capacity , under conditions which have already been agreed for the first phase of the Balkan Conference .
If the discards are being enforced during this closed course , it will be accepted by the fishermen .
At the moment , it looks at the Commission not to accept the amendment .
This is a pity because the fishermen work very well with the Commission and are therefore a model for the other regions of the European Union .
As Mr Van Dam said , there is a major problem here , and we must ensure that the future of the tourist industry is a future so that the fishermen have a future .
I hope that the Commission will take account of the very positive aspect which I tabled in my amendment .
Mr President , the comments made by Mr Nicholson makes it clear how serious it is about fish stocks in Ireland and Ireland .
The fact that the Commission considers it necessary to take action in four different regions to take action in four different regions in order to save oil stocks .
As from today &apos; s 12 February 2001 , about EUR 500 000 of the North Sea will be banned from the North Sea for 12 weeks .
In addition , as we have heard , the slump in Scotland and the Irish Sea , as we have heard in the Irish Sea , is to set up the total allowable catch and fishing quotas , as was announced last December by the Council .
The common fisheries policy has been in its present form for 18 years .
The system of taxation and a quota system has led to enormous quantities of fish being thrown dead dead dead .
More than two million tonnes per year 80 million tonnes of total work in the EU have been disposed of in this way .
The telecommunications programme has also failed to do so .
Member States which are trying to comply with these rules will be completely ignored , while other Member States are completely ignore the orientation programmes .
In that way , the CFP has failed to fundamental objectives .
It has not managed to obtain fish and the future of the fishermen has been able to guarantee the future of the fishermen .
The recent round of cuts and follow @-@ up measures will once again be squeezed out of the industry .
The measures taken in the Irish Sea last year have had to be preceded by the Irish counterpart of the destruction of 42 % during the Balkan Sea .
Notwithstanding this terrible crisis and the fact that too many fishermen have had to live in the North Sea and the Irish Sea , this House has had to vote in favour of the abolition of the indigenous and 12 mile zone in January by an overwhelming majority in order to grant equal access to the North Sea and to provide equal access to the North @-@ 11 and Governments of Ireland alike .
Many fishermen in the United Kingdom and Ireland will see these decisions as a last lifeline .
65 % of all the EU &apos; s fishing activities vary from the UK islands , i.e. the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Why should we be intimidated and allow fish to be dismantled and our fishermen are faced with poverty ?
Last month , Parliament took the vote on the reports completely peculiar and short @-@ sighted .
This could be the low amount which can be the low amount of money and Great Britain may actually withdraw from the common fisheries policy .
Mr President , the question of stocks of the various species and measures on the environment is always a very controversial issue .
The Socialist Group supports the conclusions in his report , Mr Nicholson in his report , on the Commission &apos; s proposal to recover the Irish Sea in the Irish Sea .
We know very well that , during the course of the year , we have to pay and that the volume of transport which has been paid over the following years must be paid and that the volume of transport available is very costly and a great deal of time .
But we also know that the dumping of a cattle system for a long period of time for a long period of time is loss of jobs and many difficulties for the future of this fleet .
I therefore agree with Mr Nicholson that this is a question which requires a high level of balance and balance .
The sector is often aware - and rightly so - that it ignores the Commission &apos; s proposals , which are ignored by the Commission , which is totally based on scientific opinions which do not take account of experience and the lives of fishermen .
I would ask the Commission to link the work carried out by scientists with these daily , everyday realities and to take more account of the socio @-@ economic situation of fishing from fishing .
All of this with much transparency and more detailed explanation of the sector , which is the reasons for certain measures .
I do not believe that the common fisheries policy is a failure .
I do not agree with the previous speaker .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Nicholson for his report and for the speed in which he has worked and worked on .
I am very pleased to appreciate how open and honest he has gone through this issue .
He did not have the fishermen at the Irish Sea and they say that the European Commission does not want them to be wrong or wrong .
He has already described the problem in his country as he has done here and there is a problem .
Our fellow Member quoted the Bible in the past .
The Bible seems to suggest that there is always fish in the sea .
Well , I would like to tell you what is written in a more more recent document on the cod written document .
I quote the author from his lawyer &apos; s book &quot; cod : the fish which the world has changed .
In fact , the Shetland d &apos; état in New York says that , in New York &apos; s New York , there is no need for any further explanation that it was extremely fruitful that it was extremely fruitful and somebody had an example of a post @-@ year @-@ old car company and was left to 9 000 000 .
The final conclusion was that mankind could never produce this sort of risk .
We have seen the opposite of the Bible and the bird @-@ map from the nineteenth century .
Mr Stevenson is too young to remember that , in my time , the accident was occupied before the coast of Brittany - and I was even politically active .
The British Conservatives - and I say this with sincere respect for all the Member States of the Union - are forced to protect their fishermen in order to protect their fishermen when they were fishing in the fishing grounds .
It is good that the United Kingdom in favour of the legislation in favour of the law has been changed , and I have always respected it .
With all due respect for Mr Zavvos , who is a good representative of his people and full enthusiasm , I cannot accept that the common fisheries policy should have failed .
I suspect British fishermen are wrong to do so because , in view of the figures , the British fishing industry is affected by its natural share of European fish .
The only person who is wrong is the Irish fishermen who are denied their natural share and who never allowed the sea to exploit the sea .
In the sixteenth century , the British Conservatives have a war with the storm war which was the victim of his victims and from which they had just discovered from the American coastline .
This is a old history .
But beware of the fishermen of Europe , the blame is the fault of the European Commission .
It tries to solve a difficult problem .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to make it clear that we in the next Strasbourg session when the Green Paper on the reform of the fisheries policy is going to be given enough opportunity to discuss the general aspects of the fisheries policy .
That is why I would like to say something about this here today and today .
I think that it is quite ironic , and it is certainly not wrong that we are confronted with cod stocks in the Irish Sea with cod stocks .
It is certainly not wrong : if we want to protect the protection of predicate protection , there is only one thing we need to do .
That is why it is very important to close the test in time , even if it is very painful , even if it is very painful , and even if this is to cause problems for fishermen .
The time is urgent because the ultimate start is the beginning of this month .
I know that all the parties involved , and I also thank the Committee on Fisheries and the rapporteur , have worked very hard for us to achieve this goal in time .
You will vote on the report tomorrow , and then it is still so long that we can reach a decision in the Council and that the regulation on 15 February will be published .
The Commission agrees with this report and I would like to express my gratitude for the support .
I now turn to the amendment tabled .
I am sorry to reject this amendment .
Why ?
In the last half years , we have carried out a number of interim records , exactly in the second half of the year .
These attempts have been made clear that during this period the risk for cod is very great and that there will be a lot of cod pollution .
However , we are prepared to allow the Commission to allow the first half of neo @-@ tar drift , under the conditions which Mr Nicholson has put to us , namely that there is a specific observation system under Article 3 , according to which activities will be phased out , that the activities are immediately stopped .
We also know that this second condition , which I have referred to , is a certain risk , but with the observation system , we can only know whether this exception can be carried out for the first part of the first part of the tobacco system next year .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Fischler .
They have been sleepwalking .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( The sitting was closed at 8.30 p.m. )
Madam President , I would like to use the presence of the President of the Commission to address him in a serious matter .
The French European European European European films are organised every year in France on 9 May , which we want to bring this year to the fore in the euro .
Since September , this movement has been trying to give you financial support without which this day can be organised .
However , we have no indication of the payment of the Commission &apos; s intervention .
If we have not received any promises at the end of this week , the French European European Union should not be given any promises to the implementation of the code .
In my opinion , this would be extremely detrimental to our common concern .
President Prodi , would you now like to give you your assurance or later in your speech ?
Mrs Berès , I am not familiar with the details which you raised , but I will look forward to the reply immediately and I will give you an answer today .
Thank you very much , Mr President of the Commission .
Vote on the topical and urgent motion
The Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs has decided to apply the procedure without the report to this effect .
I therefore give the floor to Mr Watson so that he can give us the position of this committee , which he likes to say .
Watson ( ELDR ) , chairman of the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
Madam President , the committee , I have the honour of this proposal and I have the honour of adopting the adoption of this proposal and the urgent adoption of its adoption before 30 March 2001 .
We would have preferred , however , to have been informed of the Council earlier on this issue and not until the last moment .
However , we do not think that the vote should be taken further off time and that is why we are proposing a procedure without report to the vote and we are proposing to present the proposal in this session to the vote .
As no one wishes to speak against the topical and urgent motion .
( Parliament agreed to urgent procedure )
Presentation by the Commission for 2001 by its President @-@ in @-@ Nice
The next item is the joint debate on the presentation by the Commission for 2001 by its President and the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 ) by Mr van Velzen and others , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , on the order of the European Council of Nice .
The President of the Commission , Mr Prodi , has the floor .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , there is no doubt that there is a general debate on the Union &apos; s position in the year .
I hope that this debate will allow us to take a step forward in your Parliament , the beginning of the mark which we have had in 2001 .
There are , of course , numerous events and priorities which I will go into , but the main thing that I will be discussing , but the most important thing is that we have moved - and I am trying to say &quot; - to do so , in Europe &apos; s future .
The Commission has always asked the Commission to be judged on its actions .
That is why it is extremely important for me to see the cooperation between the Commission and Parliament and the Commission and the Member States in the Council on concrete and practical results in the Council .
So let us use this fascinating debate to be open and openly about our successes and problems and to discuss our problems and to discuss the real concerns of the European citizens .
The tradition is that the President of the Commission wants to see a detailed overview of the measures taken in each policy in every area of policy , but there is no doubt that , today , I am going to take a little softer look at our main priorities for the year 2001 and on our main priorities for the year 2001 .
However , I would like to start by commenting on the last twelve months .
A year ago , I said that the Commission has made four strategic objectives : first , new European governance policy , and secondly , a more refined Europe with a stronger voice in the world ; secondly , a new economic and social agenda and , finally , improved quality of life for everyone .
In view of the implementation of the objective of life in Europe , we have published a White Paper on food safety and the draft regulation on the requirements and fundamental principles in the field of jurisdiction .
We have also proposed the establishment of a European food authority which can be developed this year .
We also propose to set up a European Air Safety Agency and , after the Erika disaster , there are new rules on safety of maritime transport .
With regard to a new economic and social agenda for Europe , we have made detailed , ambitious proposals to the Lisbon European Council .
In this way , the EU has now become a strategy for a strategy in order to become the most competitive and dynamic knowledge economy .
The key to stabilisation in our continent is in our strategy for enlargement of the European Union .
The Commission has made a vigorous commitment to accession negotiations with the candidate countries last year and a public debate on a genuine immigration policy for the EU .
Finally , in order to promote new European governance , we have started the work to be published in the last summer .
The Commission has , in principle , met its main commitments last year and to make clear and simple solutions .
I would like to say today in this House , as I am proud of the Commission &apos; s staff , for which the year 2000 was set up with radical internal reforms .
I am quite aware of the high requirements of our staff and we have been aware of the high standards of our staff , but they had to adapt to changing working methods and adapt to changing working methods .
Even if internal reform is not a political one , it is one of the priorities of the Commission for 2001 .
Any organisation must adapt to new situations .
That is what we are trying to do .
However , it is obvious that , as far as we are concerned , there can be no change in the management of the administration .
I am therefore determined to conclude the internal reform with all our commitments , after consultation and a climate of transparency and a climate of transparency .
The Commission &apos; s political requirements for 2001 are included in the work programme which it adopted and sent to Parliament immediately .
The key aspects of the programme are important deadlines .
All these priorities are not , of course , an attempt to make any form of separate projects .
It is the Commission &apos; s constant breakdown in the Commission &apos; s constant efforts to focus on the specific needs of the European citizens and to take account of their interests .
This is also the aim of the debate on the future of the Union , which I will be going to address .
But let me begin by explaining the Commission &apos; s most important measures for the year 2001 .
Madam President , in our work since the Lisbon Summit and preparing for Stockholm , we constantly have an objective : our children , a fair , fair and reunited Europe on our children , a Europe whose citizens have acquired modern skills , decent jobs and their active role in the life of their Community .
This is the purpose of the Commission &apos; s contributions to the Lisbon Summit at the Lisbon Summit .
The European Council , next month , will examine the progress made by the Commission in Stockholm on the progress made in the Commission &apos; s report - the areas where we go ahead , but also those in which there has been delays .
One of the main objectives of our strategy is to restore the conditions for full employment .
We have already achieved some encouraging successes : last year , 2.5 million jobs have been allocated to more than two @-@ thirds women .
This is really a considerable figure , but a considerable number of years has to be done in order to solve the problem of unemployment .
However , as we report in our report in the Stockholm report , developments were progressing far too slowly .
The leaders of Europe need more political determination and they must be aware of how urgent it is to implement Lisbon , for example , the Community patent , the programme rehabilitation and the liberalisation of the energy markets : these programmes are vital for our future .
We still have no coherent strategy for lifelong learning .
That is why we need new enthusiasm to strengthen our efforts in some key areas .
In our report for Stockholm we have identified ten of these areas , including a number of ones - to mention the trends , the integrated financial markets , the new labour markets , new skills and mobility .
In Stockholm , I will appeal to the Heads of State and Government to take this opportunity to take the opportunity and we must pursue firm determination in the process of reforms agreed in Lisbon .
To give you a idea of our report , I would like to highlight three of the points made in this report : firstly , we should be able to suspend barriers which limit the workforce from entering into line or to free trade .
This will require more effective tax systems , more investment in training and lifelong learning and specific measures to make it available to us .
We also need measures to ensure the mutual recognition of professional qualifications and the transferability of pension rights between different areas and countries .
Secondly , we are speeding up speeding up economic reforms .
Although there are three quarters of our organisation , the services are still not yet a single market for services .
Thirdly , Europe must be a factor of innovation if we want to create a European research area .
I certainly do not need to clarify that .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , we must create a delicate balance between our political actions so that all the resources for Europe , our wealth in economic terms , will be given our wealth in economic terms and our environment in future generations .
We must find a strategy for sustainable development in order to achieve this balance .
The Commission is currently working on such a strategy at the height of the Swedish Presidency , the Gothenburg European Council .
We are trying to implement the rather more dynamic approach of sustainable development in detailed and understandable terms and in concrete terms and in specific terms , and in practical terms , which will affect the production and minds of the citizens .
This is a strategy for innovation and increased investment in these areas , and the opportunities of leading technology will also make use of the opportunities to set prices at a level which can be set up at a level where the cost of environmental damage is better reflected .
Needless to say , a long @-@ term political plan of this kind requires an effective prior consultation .
In order to bring this debate forward , I have proposed to you , Madam President , to have a significant debate on these issues in the European Parliament .
The views of this House will certainly be useful to the Commission in drawing up its final strategic proposal for the Gothenburg Summit , and this proposal - and I repeat this - must be specific because the summit will otherwise be a failure .
In addition , we have the intention to see an ongoing discussion of a centralised discussion not only within the European institutions but also in general with our citizens .
Our aim is a global , coherent and long @-@ term approach to building European policy .
Let me now turn to the Union &apos; s relations with the rest of the world , and we are constantly seeking to make decisions on our citizens , which show that we are also prepared to take decisions in this area if we want to avoid globalisation for all of us .
In the short term , it means that we should also include a new round of WTO negotiations in 2001 .
A new round of negotiations is in fact the best way to strengthen the multilateral system , which is a further liberalisation of trade through new , the requirements of the civil society .
In addition , we must also bring about that in important new areas such as competition and investment , and the interests of the developing countries need to be more focused on our concerns .
Developing countries are the key to this new process .
trade policy must not be subject solely to employers &apos; interests . We must ensure that it benefits the poorest population in the world .
We therefore hope that , in this month , the Council and Parliament will vote in favour of the Commission &apos; s proposal , the 48 poorest countries of the world , to give all goods and non @-@ exempt customs duties in the European Union .
We are also prepared to talk with the new American Government and with the Finance Minister .
Needless to say , President Pastrana has , of course , been accorded its regional priorities , but I know he and his own staff do not underestimate the importance of the multilateral system .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , another important milestone in the future is the introduction of the euro to the end of this year .
If the euro is at the mercy of the euro , it will become a viable reality in our citizens &apos; lives .
In the next few months the Commission will work hard to work on both the Swedish and the Belgian Presidency in order to conclude our preparations for this extremely important event : an event which will paralyse the lives of the Union and the lives of the European Union .
However , we need a huge organisational service which has not yet been required to do so so far .
However , we are not all delighted about the idea of an old and xenophobic currency against a new currency , which is why there will be some difficulties at the beginning .
So we must make every effort to understand the public that the euro will bring us all the advantages and a strong economy .
Meanwhile , it has already been the symbol of a European project which has been carried out in Europe so far and time for Europe .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to turn once again to the question raised by the debate on the future of Europe to Nice .
In spite of its limitations , the Treaty of Nice , which we have established together , is an immense advantage , firstly , and there is no lack of additional obstacles to enlargement .
Its second advantage is that the &quot; post @-@ Nice process &quot; is opened up with a comprehensive debate on the future of the European Union .
In January of this year , I had referred to you , in accordance with the declaration annexed to the Treaty , that this process will be characterised at an initial stage of an &quot; open reflection &quot; .
This will give the European Council the opportunity to initiate a second stage which I have called &quot; carnage &quot; and which should be taken into account at the end of a short Intergovernmental Conference .
I am convinced that this is the right approach and I have the impression that this approach has now been generalised .
Allow me to start by commenting on the first stage because it will be addressed in 2001 .
In my view , the extension of the &quot; open thinking &quot; , in which we are already in a position to do so , is very important , because the citizens of Europe and their opinions are very clear about the fact that Europe is becoming increasingly necessary , but it is becoming increasingly difficult to find Europe .
This requires a debate to be involved in the people and all sections of society to be involved in ensuring that the major European Union project comes new and concluding .
The second reason is that the IGC will be held in Nice .
What most certainly has been missing in Nice was a fundamental debate on the expectations and for Europe .
There has been a long and comprehensive discussion but never major questions .
This debate cannot be postponed .
The third reason is ever more imaginative and I share the impression that we will no longer be able to build Europe on a logic of &apos; constructive &apos; mixed or mixed things .
We are now in a new phase where we have to dispense with the fundamental issues without questioning the fundamental questions .
Since 1981 , the Community has been in the process of transforming the Union into a fragmented process of adaptation , restructuring , enlargement and harmonisation .
We have been told that almost one generation of the generation of our institutions has destroyed the principles of horror and the old citizens of our own countries who have destroyed the principles of our decisions and in the course of the line we have pursued .
We have taken historic decisions which can restore the unity of our continent .
It would be absurd and even dangerous if this unity were to be based on an agreement , legitimate pledges and conservative motives .
What are we talking about for a debate ?
In order to be a debate on the &quot; Rapid Reaction &quot; , that is a matter of beauty .
I have confidence in the workings of our citizens and their elected representatives , because we will have this debate at a reasonable level : not a debate on the electoral issues or other issues , such as they have been set or compromises , but rather a debate on the real questions which our citizens are asking for .
We are not talking about the issue of our citizens , but we must recognise that they are no longer about the debate on the institutions which we have been discussing since Maastricht and which , above all , we have seen , since Nice , that they are in conflict .
The real problem is that , at some point , our Member States have been united with our own Member States , and we have always been able to hide our differences behind cold and ever @-@ called attacks .
In my opinion , these differences , partly in the last few years , is due to the debate which is wrong in the last few years .
At long last , we need to tackle the problem .
It is quite obvious that there are different ideas on the final recommendation of the European Union , which is , of course , because we have different , different things .
However , I agree with the idea that we can at least focus on the main aspect of our project .
This brings us to the heart of the matter - on the fundamental issues which I would like to ask for in all the public .
For example , are we in fact agreed that we want to build a structure which is determined to act as an economic power , not only a economic union , but a political entity ?
Are we all aware of the great challenge facing us and the future of our peoples because it is a great deal more difficult to maintain their existence and identity in the world today ?
Another question : what do we are prepared to do with social and economic solidarity ?
Not only do we think it is not just a question of preventing or abolishing the single market , but because we believe that our people will have to participate in a common project and to help each other .
Another question is : are we ready to uphold the same solidarity when it comes to the interests of our foreign and external security ?
And what is the environment of our future generations ?
Finally , how can the European citizens defend our values of democracy , solidarity and justice the best way to safeguard and implement it ?
In my opinion , this is the case in the debate 2001 .
These are not institutional , political issues , political questions which depend on how we live together and work together .
When I picked up this great debate and have chosen these subjects , I do not expect you and the citizens who represent a discussion without resorting to a fixed attack , as it were , at zero .
We are discussing the background to the enormous positive achievements of the European Union &apos; s existence in the fifty years of the European Union and the Union , and we are talking about a Europe which has created peace , prosperity , prosperity and most a single currency .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , all of us , with the Members of our national parliaments and with the governments of our Member States , must address these issues and seek answers to answers .
I should like to make it quite clear that this comprehensive discussion , which can be fully involved in the civil society , is not a democratic representation .
The Members of the European Parliament and the parliaments of the Member States are the legitimate representatives of the people .
This must be taken into account when all these considerations are and will be implemented in concrete results .
In the second phase , we are talking about a second phase which is unthinkable without any more active involvement by the European Parliament and the national parliaments . Firstly , because it is not just a relationship between states and national parliaments for a long time , and secondly , it is also a relationship between nations and , secondly , because I welcome the relationship between peoples in the clash and second @-@ class approach .
Following TACs and preparations for all the actors , i.e. the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the national parliaments and the Commission , as a body of inquiry , this forum will have to be made more widely and , in the course of the year 2002 , we will have to bring about a more serious impact on the whole of the European Council in 2002 .
Such interactive process , this dialogue between the European Council and the convention or the presidency or the forum or the forum or the forum and the forum , could be made clear , as well as the institutional conclusions .
I think it is clear that the debate will not be limited to the four issues mentioned in Nice .
Michel Barnier has fully supported my full support when he says that , as your Committee on Constitutional Affairs says , it will make a definitive and lasting project for our enlarged Union .
The Commission will , of course , take action and take various initiatives to reform the Treaties ; it will be the support of Parliament and Vice @-@ President @-@ in @-@ Office for the implementation of a more proactive and broad debate , as requested in the Nice declaration , and it will , after all , be acting with the White Paper on responsible political leadership .
In this White Paper , however , you must not expect a dogmatic approach to the separation of powers of the Union and the Member States , because this rule will not affect it .
However , it will help to help define the instruments for a genuine decentralisation of administration and means and ways of achieving better , as the means to achieve a common policy .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , sometimes it is claimed that the construction of Europe is the biggest achievement of the second half of the twentieth century .
This generation has been treated as badly as the beginning of every new phase with regard to Fridays , as they are not in a position to interrupt or even strange .
Now we will launch the euro notes and coins in the end of 2001 , and I would prefer you to repeat all the things that have been said with developing this project .
Nevertheless , today we are still proud of where we are , and we can all be proud of that .
( Loud , sustained applause )
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , Mr President of the Commission , we welcome this debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme , if we consider that this debate may have been delayed and , for the Nice period , no other way were given to this debate .
But we hope for the coming years that we will have this debate in the autumn of the year that we are talking about the year before the year prior to the programme prior to the programme .
However , I would like to make a very brief comment to the Council : I think it is scandalous if the Commission is proposing its programme and the Council of Ministers and the presidency .
We cannot accept this !
That shows where the shortcomings lie .
Foreign ministers travel from the world , which I am not criticising , because this is also the responsibility of the foreign ministers , but they are also responsible for European affairs .
This is why we need to say that the political presence of the foreign policy is no longer a foreign policy , and it is not the case that the European Union &apos; s foreign policy is a new proof of this - and we must change these structures .
We need people in the governments who are only playing into play .
( Applause from the right )
That is why I urge a Council of Transport Ministers which will continue to be here here in Parliament .
Not by a number of major speeches by Foreign Affairs Ministers will be filled with a number of major speeches , but by the day @-@ on @-@ day work .
That is why we are asking for the Council of Ministers to be responsible for this .
( Applause from the right )
We were pleased to hear that the French President , Jacques Chirac , is calling for this public debate on the following @-@ Nice process , as President Prodi has done .
We want a broad public debate on the future of our continent , and Mr President of the Commission , and I cannot , of course , speak for the entire Parliament - you are listening to your side .
We would like to strengthen the Community as a Community institution because we do not see that the Council of Ministers is the force of this force , a Community institution and representative of the common interest .
You have spoken of the involvement of the European Parliament in this process .
We want something more concrete .
Our electoral message , the European People &apos; s Party and the European People &apos; s Party took the decision in Berlin on January this year , that is to say , the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the Commission and the Council , the Commission and the Council .
We want to see in Stockholm this year , then in Gothenburg , in Gothenburg , in Gothenburg , in Gothenburg , that this conference can be launched in 2002 .
This conference should , as it were , been the subject of the control and authority of the general public debate in Europe , and it should be brought to the end of this kind of Conference .
My second comment is that of asylum and immigration policy .
Mr President of the Commission , we ask the Commission to focus on the policy for a common asylum and immigration policy , because we see that national policy does not lead to a result .
Only a common policy can be solved .
The Chancellor of an important country , Mr President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Federal Republic of Germany , has said that if we are talking about the principles of asylum and immigration policy , then we can adopt a rapid reaction to majority voting .
I would ask the Commission to make progress in order to ensure that , when we reach the bases , we can also be able to reach the basis as quickly as possible for decision @-@ making in the asylum and immigration policy .
But we are also asking the Commission to take account of the consequences of its initiatives .
For example , we have the impression that , for example , you want to take the impression that you want to take part in their own hearts .
We would ask you to pay for family reunification to the core , so that we do not have any repercussions on the basis of the imagination .
Overall , the policy on asylum and immigration must be an important area .
Third observation : Europe .
As everyone knows , on 1 January 2002 , we will have the common European currency in the hands of a single European currency - the President of the Commission rightly pointed out - that Europe will change .
However , we must also increase Europe &apos; s competitiveness by strengthening the situation in which small and medium @-@ sized enterprises can invest in precisely small and medium @-@ sized enterprises .
I believe we need to strengthen our efforts .
As far as the issue of the enlargement of the European Union is concerned , we are committed to the first members of the European Union by 2004 .
Mr President of the Commission , I urge you to provide a public information programme so that we can also convince people that the enlargement of the European Union is necessary and in the historic interest of Europe .
My final comment is that we want a strong , visible and democratic Europe .
Mr President of the Commission , let us work together .
We are on your side if you strengthen the Community institutions .
We want to ask the Council not to refuse to refuse to do so , but also to make its contribution .
If we are to do this , then we should succeed .
But the Council must now fulfil its tasks before the Commission and Parliament look forward .
( Applause )
Madam President , Mr Prodi , the Union &apos; s enlargement is becoming more important in the direction of the countries of the eastern Europe of Central Europe and the Mediterranean , in a few years &apos; time , with the Union &apos; s neighbours to the east of Europe .
From the point of view of the Union , the best way of strengthening peace in the region is to strengthen and develop new economic forces , from Russia and Ukraine .
Unfortunately , the European Union does not reflect this .
We are quick to see that these countries themselves do not yet have the economic conditions or political will to find appropriate ways of cooperation .
However , in cooperation with the southern Mediterranean countries , there has already been huge amounts of money and resources , although results are still waiting for .
Data is also needed in the east .
I have noticed that Mr Prodi has not just spoken on our relations with our relations with the east , which perhaps has not been possible in the wider report .
In recent years , the investment in Russia has been a tenth of what was channelled to the Mediterranean countries .
Half of the Soviet Union has spent half the appropriations for cooperation in the Mediterranean .
This correlation is not the importance of the importance which is close to close regions in relation to the regions .
Above all , the forms of economic cooperation must be specific and achievable .
The water waste water directive for approximately 9 million is going on indefinitely and that the neighbouring region lives either either in the environmentally sensitive and well @-@ treated region .
This has already been too serious , lasting changes in the natural balance of the natural balance and the state of affairs .
Mr Prodi calls for sustainable growth .
The accident in the region which is now being tackled is a good example of the concrete cooperation with the northern region .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen .
First of all , on behalf of my Group , I welcome the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 to be included in the draft legislative programme which , in my group , was deemed to be the sine qua non for requested .
They have not gone through with proposals ; it will prevent them from the last year from the last year .
Let us remember that you have met 50 % of the programme last year .
We do not have to propose a great deal of ambition .
I would also like to remind you once again that there was an agreement , following consultation with Parliament &apos; s committees in January , and I hope that you will be able to meet the deadlines in the coming year .
I am arguing that the main thrust of the programme is the support of the citizens on the European project ; it is a sine qua non and sine qua non .
This requires us to get to grips with the problems which our fellow citizens are seeking , for example , the economic and social agenda which we are going to discuss in March , the introduction of the euro as offensive and combating organised crime .
My group expressly supports the proposal that the Commission has proposed &apos; all goods &apos; .
These are crucial aspects of the programme .
This does not prevent us from being critical of criticism which we have to take on board .
One of the criticisms is the treatment of BSE bureaucrats in the course of Brussels bureaucrats , and we should also stress that , for years , the Commission and Parliament have had their duty to make this crisis and that we will continue to give our fellow citizens an answer to their concerns .
Because the creation of a single market does not only make it possible to abolish the citizens &apos; protection and to try to protect the citizens &apos; protection , and to try to guarantee the essential services , in a civilised manner , in a civilised way more competition and greater freedom .
It should be remembered , because it is clear that it is only a question of deregulation and not that it should be possible to live in a civilised context .
As far as governance is concerned , Mr President , it should be a very clever idea for us to take account of new ways of thinking about new forms of old and good democratic technology which we allow us to take , for example , the embassies of the proceeds from 2 500 years ago .
That is what we need .
And we need a Commission proposal on the distribution of powers and the possible form of integration of the Charter .
This means that we should be able to make a very extensive contribution to a very extensive approach .
Mr President , you are less frequent immediately to listen to civil society , and you have more with their elected representatives , with us in the European Parliament and with the Members of the Member States .
This year , I do not think it is a question of setting up an administrative or definitive spectacle , and we must consider the procedure and the method .
In this respect , Madam President , I believe that we need to make a clearer approach .
I agree , Madam President , because my speaking time is to put forward proposals to put forward proposals .
Then we will be able to make a concerted contribution , which we believe is essential in the debate in order to make clear progress in the debate and to contribute to solutions for the future of Europe .
On behalf of my group , I welcome this progress .
However , the very great concern we are discussing is the report which the Commission published last week on the Lisbon process .
We have set our high objective of developing ourselves within ten years of the world &apos; s dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy , and unfortunately we are moving slowly .
I am not in a position to go along with a poor losers , but I would like to point out that I was one of the minority who was resigned in the proposal for the liberalisation of the postal services .
We all agree on the matter .
I am reminded of the history of a history which you have seen in the United States about the famous mayors of inquiry , who were called for .
Following the mayor of his mayor , he wanted to enter into his speech on the new grand objectives of his administration .
In this respect , it is a mistake to fight against the rapid reaction of his speech , unfortunately .
He promised that his new administration will seek new objectives .
I think we should be careful that we do not share the same error in relation to Lisbon but that we can achieve real progress .
The message for Stockholm must be that we are serious about our obligations and that we will be doing everything possible to implement it .
We have made a good deal of progress in the past twelve months and we have made good progress in the past twelve months .
There is still a great deal to be done , but there has been some evidence of progress .
In the field of trade and development , my group supports the initiative : all goods .
In view of the fact that the Commission itself is addressing the sensitive problems of agriculture in the context of the World Trade Organisation and the debate on agrarian reform , it is important to hope that this debate will not affect the development of the development of the trade .
This is an important European initiative and I hope that it will be given a full effort to deal with the difficulties that may arise with regard to negotiations in other areas .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party considers that we should devote more attention to asylum and certification policy .
I congratulate Commissioner Vitorino on the work that has been done , but we have reached an agreement in Tampere and I wonder why it is still difficult for us to deal with the definition of this test after so long .
With regard to enlargement , which is very dear to my group , I would like to say to Mr Solana and Mr Solana that we have to address the Commission and by Mr Solana that we really have to deal with Cyprus in any more detail in the case of Cyprus .
This is not just a question of the acquis communautaire , and Cyprus is already very long ago .
It is not just a question of whether Cyprus can implement the acquis communautaire and we see no problems .
On the contrary , it is a question of serious and serious political issues which , in our view , is not the time and attention which they believe to be a successful part of Cyprus .
As far as the form of the legislative programme is concerned , I am pleased that the programme will begin by referring first .
It is good that we have the opportunity to reconcile ourselves with the programme and its priorities .
As Mr Prodi said , as Mr Prodi said , it is not a matter of a turning point , and it has mentioned some priorities .
But I took the programme .
It is not enough to do so by 49 sections of the population .
These 49 parties contain various initiatives .
It is very difficult to assess the real priorities and the areas in which our political commitment is , of course , particularly different from those which we have to deal with .
Something needs to change .
We must change our way .
I hope that , in September , we will be a long way from stating that any initiative is taken on the basis of an initiative .
I do not want to say that the proposed initiatives are not justified , but we need more information .
Perhaps we have proposed some of the initiatives , but some of them have said that they are not so important .
To what extent is this programme the result of a Council request to the Commission to take the initiative ?
We cannot find any answers to these questions .
I would , however , like to reply .
This is not a question of interference in the Commission &apos; s right to the Treaties , but on quality control .
I would like to conclude by saying that if we reach agreement between September and September , it would be very useful to reach an agreement , as President of the European Commission , and Mr Prodi , as President of the European Commission , and Mr Prodi , as President of the European Commission , could be held in time before the European Council , which is our priority for Europe .
What are you doing about this ?
So we should tackle the work we have done , a reasoned and consistent approach .
Finally , a word on Nice or the post @-@ Nice process .
As the European Parliament , we should prepare for the full involvement of the institutions to cover a complex and open debate .
My group could present the formation of an Convention in which the European Parliament and the national parliaments and the Council also take an active part in this .
( Applause )
Madam President , my Group also supports the fact that , in this debate , we really have to look at the key priorities and , in this connection , we can only forget this as an integral part @-@ approach approach , which we have here in our daily work .
First of all , I would like to say that the greatest problem is the lack of a lack of funds which will enable the Union to operate in such a way that it is possible to protect the challenges of increasing globalisation , for example , with instruments which allow citizens to protect the bad effects of this globalisation .
I would just like to point out that the Nice Summit was unable to adopt a decision on taxation , which can be decided by qualified majority voting on taxation issues .
This means that we leave the market to these taxation .
We shall be able to influence our taxation system and that is , of course , an essential limitation in which we can build the European social model as the European social model , which is based on the development of society .
We have raised growth rates .
There is no doubt that we really must oppose the increasing racism of racism because we cannot afford immigrants and asylum seekers .
This is a great public responsibility .
Madam President , in this House , very often words are said about citizens &apos; citizens .
There has been several speakers here today that the citizens must be involved in the decision @-@ making process , but this is unfortunately very often forgotten if it is so far .
I would mention a topical example here .
The institutions are trying to bring about an interim process which will guarantee the right of the citizens to be informed about the decision @-@ making process of the Union .
I would like to warn my colleagues and all Members who believe that this is a regulation which , in particular , seems to be a regulation which , in particular , seems to be a regulation which is responsible for confidential work by the institutions , i.e. precisely the opposite .
We cannot accept this and we must also discuss this issue more publicly .
This is not completely closed behind closed doors , as is the case at present .
Madam President , at the beginning of his speech , Mr Prodi mentioned sustainable development , and this is a very central issue for my group .
If we do not really achieve a programme of sustainable development in Gothenburg , we have missed a chance which is perhaps missed .
The Commission must show that there is no need for the Commission to display a strong and united attitude .
But it seems that there will always be problems in this practical situation .
Today the Commission will publish its White Paper on the electoral issue , but I have reason to vote for the fact that , in particular , the Commission &apos; s approach to the short @-@ term interests of the industry is to be able to ensure that dangerous chemicals is concerned .
We cannot accept that if we talk about sustainable development .
The competitiveness of the environment is an aspect which should be taken seriously , and the Commission should , in particular , listen to companies and the economic operators who have recognised that sustainable development can be a good business .
At present , the major reform of agricultural policy is being discussed , and we want to encourage the Commission to undertake a holistic approach and that it is not just a small move , and we are faced with a real change in the model of model .
If you will allow me , Madam President , I am sure that Annex IV of the Treaty of Nice will certainly be the best part of the entire Treaty .
It contains a great commitment to Parliament and the Commission , and also for the Council , the Swedish Presidency , the re @-@ assessing of this process with which the European Union will be established seriously .
My group fully supports the initiative which you have proposed to include civil society during the next six months before the summit in the course of the next six months , including the national parliaments and also the candidate countries .
I have taken note of the fact that , in particular , we have to be satisfied with the fact that we need to be satisfied with the national parliaments .
No , civil society is something more than anything .
We must take them seriously and we should not allow a IGC to be able to guarantee only national interests , and this has taken place behind closed doors .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , on reading the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 I have a number of questions , first and foremost to the European Union &apos; s role in Europe and the world .
The negotiations with the candidate countries are supposed to be continued , in your document , in which the presentation of 18 further forms part of this year .
How can it be so evasive if bureaucratic information is to be found by the way in which bureaucratic information is to be resolved and based on the political decisions we have to make ?
In addition , I think that the concept of the Union &apos; s strategy in the Balkans , its relations with Russia and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership - is described as a whole and reduce over seven lines - for particularly special transportation .
The measures taken by the Union in these fields have also been critical of critical voices , such as the last week on 2 Euro @-@ Mediterranean negotiations .
What lessons do you learn from this ?
And what has happened from the Union &apos; s development policy ?
As for the poorest , as you have just mentioned , the commercial action you have just mentioned , in addition to the model you mentioned , is replaced by US Aid , and to replace development cooperation , in the middle of the day .
On the other hand , with regard to the other countries , you are replacing the Lomé Convention .
So what is the ambition of Europe to focus on its southern neighbours ?
The second major priority I would like to ask you is the new economic and social agenda .
In this context , the Commission has agreed to prepare the structural indicators which have been mentioned by so @-@ called structural indicators .
What role do you intend to play in these indicators , the social interests and all what is most critical of the situation in human development ?
In other words , for example , you are proposing no social condition for the Commission &apos; s approval of large companies .
Why not ?
What do you want in the future to prevent the recurrence of events such as Michelin , Danone , ABB , ABB and others , when the announcement of excellent financial results with plans ?
Why launch the directive on European Works Councils over the next year ?
In this context , you have announced a White Paper on the subject of good political leadership , which should include a partnership with civil society .
As I have just disappeared from the most regrettable World War in Denmark , I should like to go along with the same fault , but I would like to go back because , behind a political announcement of a political announcement , almost all these guidelines appear to be based on the political nature of all these guidelines .
What action would you , President of the Commission , be prepared to do in this way ?
Madam President , the agreement reached in Nice is now the way forward for enlargement of the Union .
This was the central aim of achieving this within the framework of the defence process and , in my view , the speedy accession of candidate countries to the European Union .
The most important task of the current 15 Member States of the European Union is to ensure that ratification of the Treaty of Nice is swiftly ratified .
The provisions of Nice cannot enter into force until the ratification process in the 15 Member States of the Union is completed .
I am interested to note that today &apos; s debate is under discussion under the &apos; Follow @-@ General &apos; session .
I would remind all of you of the warning to the conclusion of the European Union in the European Union to discuss considerable developments in the European Union .
This is really the central factor in the Union at the moment .
Those who speak from a broader political integration within the Union are that the Treaty of Nice will , of course , be ratified by the Nice Treaty .
That , of course , is not the case .
The Treaty must be easy to make the 370 million citizens of the Union in a readily understandable way , and in a way which safeguards the support and the good will of all our citizens .
This criticism is particularly concerned with all those who propose to introduce complete federal structures in the European Union .
It seems to be in Europe that it looks good in Europe that it is good for us and we will be able to make the relevant changes available to the citizens later on .
This does not work , however , in politics .
We are putting forward proposals .
We are then trying to win the European citizens within the framework of our respective parliaments or by referenda .
We support the enlargement of the European Union and the full right of candidate countries to accede to membership of the European Union , to convince our citizens of the importance of the provisions of the Treaty of Nice and its extensive political consequences .
But no less , the European Union should continue to debate the debate on new political developments within the Union as long as the Treaty of Nice does not have ratified it .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I have heard some surprise by the Chairman of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , who have heard about the absence of the representatives of the Council of Ministers and , in some cases , the institutional divide of the Member States , and some of the criticisms made in the Member States &apos; sector of Ministers .
In my opinion , this is symptomatic of what President Prodi has just said on the basis of the programme , which is , as it were , a copy of the dual system , but it is , and it is different from other sorts of car , that the efforts of a discussion which Mr Prodi explained in his speech is a matter for discussion .
We are still talking about the basic problem which the debate about modern Europe has been replaced by a great deal more and more marked by some of the American labels , namely describe , described as a social state .
The electoral system is and remains if we want a social state or a liberal state .
Do we want more state and less market or the market or less market ?
We have heard that in Europe last year in Europe there were 2.5 million women who have been told about more than two thirds of women , Mr Prodi made a very excellent result but , in my opinion , this must also be assessed on the basis of the territorial distribution of these jobs within the Union .
In the South , there is a number of unemployed people in the South , whereas the Union could be able to handle two problems in this area .
I am also thinking of your comments about internal reform of the Commission , Mr President .
I know that there is a lot of undeclared work and this passion and the passion of the Commission , for example , will also lead to the cuts in the Commission &apos; s internal audit services , which are concerned with the cuts in the safety process and for the improvement of the European Parliament &apos; s positions and the European Parliament &apos; s positions .
Mr President , several speakers say yes to the Treaty of Nice , because federalists protest against it .
Some federalists say yes , because they are against the fight against them , but for both groups there can be good reasons for doing .
Aircraft battles must be imposed on power from national parliaments to Brussels .
federalists must be able to oppose decisions from the electorate and representatives of the EU to officials and ministers in the EU .
Nice means , briefly , less democracy .
We all have a common interest in ensuring a democratic debate before the next Treaty .
Following closed doors , the next Treaty must be negotiated by the representatives of the Union .
The discussion must not only be the only public , but also to participate directly in the debate , in those countries where it is allowed to vote in referenda .
Against this background , federalists and &apos; friends &apos; are able to discuss the shaping of the future of Europe .
What will be decided in Brussels in Brussels , what is to be decided on by national parliaments ?
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats is committed to a Europe of Democracies and progressive European cooperation .
We wish to see most of the decisions made in the Member States and regions .
Europe &apos; s wealth lies in its differences and , for example , there is no need for the EU to change a decision by the haves on local economies .
We are very much able to decide on such a subject .
Finally , I hope that the fact that the Commission is going to use a diverse discussion on European integration between all different views on European integration .
Mr President , today &apos; s debate on an oral question on the order of the European Council of Nice , which is still not signed , and that the next IGC should be called for to be convened , shows how to start a new round of negotiations .
The Commission and , in particular , the Commission expect - as the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council has just pointed out - the great European construction of the Nice Council and that the Council should be set up by a convention like the Charter of Fundamental Rights last year .
But nor even do we do not want to prevent anybody &apos; s thinking of thinking .
The idea of a European constitution depends on the idea of a European state that does not want our peoples .
The Nice Council - and it must be stressed , is that the objective of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is to resolve the future of the future , because the future of Europe does not need a constitution , but a network of nations which respects national democracies and is based on a high level of nations .
At the moment , we must consider the form of the future debate .
It has to be said that the convention , the Charter of Fundamental Rights , has been a failure , because it constantly has a failure , a failure to undermine responsibility and , ultimately , a text which is worthy of the ears of a supranational State , but which is not acceptable for the whole of the infrastructure .
Of course , the intergovernmental conference must be prepared in the future , but in no way by an Convention in the state of the state of affairs that we are experiencing .
With regard to the next IGC , a debate must be held in and with the national parliaments which will bear responsibility for this .
In a second phase , the Intergovernmental Conference should only be able to negotiate a credible response , that is to say , by at least one quarter of the national parliaments of the Union .
It would make sure that we need to negotiate and ensure that the links with national democracies will be respected .
Mr Prodi , we understand how difficult it is to address all the issues which the European Commission needs to address in a short space of time .
I shall therefore confine myself to two main problems , which I would like to see to you .
Let us look at what is happening in the agricultural sector , as the European People &apos; s Party is in favour of examining the common agricultural policy and we are particularly clear about the importance of future strategies .
We are only concerned about the financial burden of our budget by agriculture , which is based on agriculture , on the back of agriculture , or the issues of globalisation .
You yourself mentioned Commissioner Lamy &apos; s proposal , which is very important , but a major impact on the issues of agriculture .
We are also thinking of future developments in food production , in the area of production , production and biotechnology .
If we then accept the issues of enlargement and the revitalisation of agriculture in some regions , such as the Mediterranean , we would like to know what the European agriculture model is going to do , and , above all , we will be sure that this model will not be sacrificed to the altar of foreign policy or , above all , to be regarded as a bargaining chip for international requirements .
The second problem concerns the Mediterranean , which was the importance of a forum which we took part in last week .
There are still major problems on the Mediterranean .
We wish to see a policy that is being adopted in this area , which grants the southern area of the countries of the European Union as the same sort of incompatibility with other areas of the European Union .
Mr President , President of the Commission , Mr Prodi .
We have heard a great deal of pleasure today .
I should like to refer to your last words , which you have also talked about Parliament , i.e. the role of MEPs .
Fine words , Mr President , but quite little specific words !
Allow me to make a clear statement , in a sense .
The truth is : we want a strong Commission , because we are convinced that the basis for a future Europe is not , above all , the basis for a future Europe .
We therefore hope that you will have the strengthening of both parliamentary democracy , as well as the strengthening of parliamentary democracy .
In general terms , you will agree to this .
Mr President , if your Vice @-@ President has spoken recently in a discussion in the relevant committee , you should propose a kind of forum for the future of the EU @-@ Nice process , for the future of the European Union , civil society , civil society , so I am not saying it would be possible to introduce such a forum instead of the Convention .
Mr President , we want a Convention to have a Convention of MEPs from the European Parliament and national Parliamentarians .
That is what we want to ask for your clear and unequivocal support .
Mr President , I know there are also a criticism from the Commission - directly and indirectly - that this Parliament has weaknesses .
There are weaknesses in this Parliament .
However , the weaknesses in this Parliament and the European component must be changed to strengthen this Parliament &apos; s amendment , not to weaken Parliament .
This brings me to the next point : today , you have now proposed - and I am right to say that we have to do something about this - to publish a White Paper , on the subject of good governance .
The term good governance is a little problematic .
I would like to say more optimistic governance .
The democratic decision @-@ making procedures must be strengthened and I am right .
We must also be bridged .
There is also dialogue with civil society .
I agree absolutely .
We need to do more than MEPs .
But is the crucial question here : is the involvement of civil society a replacement for strengthening the direct parliamentary democracy or not ?
Is the civil society a sense of parliamentary consultation and decision making or decision @-@ making ?
Here too , there must be a clear and clear statement in favour of Parliament .
( Applause )
In this connection , I would also like to draw your attention to the need for a new &quot; .
In addition , they will also have to be printed with &apos; ultra @-@ acid slaughter &apos; .
No , Mr President .
The decision must be taken by Parliament , the Council , the parliamentary bodies .
It is true that we must make this decision transparent and publicly do not , as has been done at the moment , to do justice to transparency , not transparency , and not in public opinion .
We need to engage in a dialogue and debate our Council and its ideas , and we must take the Council &apos; s views .
But we cannot afford to find a sheep .
The bidder which we might like to control may be a framework in the future itself ?
I agree with this .
That would be the same as if I said that the feedingstuffs industry and the tobacco industry should define the rules for themselves .
This cannot be the case !
There is one small point in this context : there is a growing trend on the so @-@ called communication by the Commission .
This means that the Council and Parliament will then be able to pass on the Commission to decide as as interpreted as possible , as it may do .
This is also a dangerous way of doing !
The Commission proposals make proposals .
It has the right of initiative .
I readily admit that .
However , the decision @-@ making process must be carried out by the process of parliamentary bodies , and there must be no reliable breakdown in the process .
If , then , the Court of Justice is called upon to do so .
Finally , Mr Prodi , we expect a whole host of proposals .
We also expect the respect of parliamentarism , as we respect the Commission .
We expect you to keep you in such a way as to how we are to play our utmost role in your strengthening .
( Applause )
Mr President , the President of the Commission has declared that the institutions should act responsibly and efficiently , and also has promised to provide a White Paper on a White Paper on good governance .
Perhaps we should start by improving the quality of governance within the Union .
We should concentrate on areas in which EU @-@ wide action is vital .
We should ensure that the principle of subsidiarity is always upheld .
In view of the Commission &apos; s recommendation for a single European licence for sportsmen and women , I really refer to the proposal for a single European recovery system for this year .
In the case of each new environmental system , we would also like to make a permanent contribution to this , as my colleague Mr Clegg proposes , to set up a permanent overview of this House in order to ensure that the proposed measures are compatible with the criteria of subsidiarity and proportionality .
Mr Prodi , instead of making proposals in annexes rather than the proposals contained in annexes , you should complement the Union &apos; s position on a detailed list of proposals , which is based on each individual .
The proposals for a serious debate should be the result of a serious debate amongst the College of Commissioners , not just as much as those points .
Our committee should evaluate the various Commissioners from the various Commissioners on their own actions .
We must be voting on it in the plenary session here .
Nice has shown that we do not make any headway on the intergovernmental path .
It is now up to us to find convincing arguments for a colourful Europe .
Mr President , President Prodi , I endorse the demands for more detailed answers .
The political unity of Europe has not progressed in Nice .
On the contrary , the renationalisation of Europe is the renationalisation .
What has happened in the past , Mr Prodi , and I think it is very important that it is the strength of the Council , the strength of Europe .
These are the parliaments of the parliaments .
Mr Prodi , the Commission &apos; s position is unclear and very vague , particularly on the issue of the post @-@ Nice process .
You have found a critical word about the Treaty , but I understand that in my own country , the Commission is sending a huge breakthrough in the Treaty of Nice , which is an historic breakthrough and success .
You have said a critical word , but Commissioner Barnier has made us a single forum of debate instead of a debate rather than an agreement and an Convention .
Mr President of the Commission , I would like to ask you to give a very specific answer to a clear question : will you ask the House if it is to be possible to take a stock and the extension of the Nice Summit to the crucial democratic principles such as the separation of powers , executive and public opinion , public opinion and so on ?
Mr President , Nice was a delicate step backwards - marked by democracy , more transparency , more transparency and no suspension of sanctions .
I therefore think that the Nice Summit must be used to save the Union before Nice .
I would like to mention four points in the brief time that I am important .
Firstly , I would urge the Council to rectify the number of seats for the Czech Republic and Hungary , as soon as possible , to rectify discrimination between these two countries .
Secondly , a clear common position is needed for the debate on the future of the Union - the new means of the Union must not mean renationalisation .
Thirdly , returning to the convention , the Convention , which is also responsible for reform and , secondly , I think it should not be the case for the IGC , because it should not be the case , at a moment where it is not possible to commit itself to the end of 2004 where the Commission and Parliament will not be involved in a full position .
Mr President , we have been able to take our priorities for years , because we have not fully achieved our objectives or unless we are not fully attained , because we have the turbulent political , technological and economic challenges which we must manage .
The problem of employment and the working conditions of life and working conditions must continue to be left , and in terms of enlargement , we must be able to meet both our skills and the people of the candidate countries , and we must be able to take the necessary structures , economic adjustments and social and social relations .
It is not a question of speeding up the speed up of enlargement , but it is a question of speeding up the speed of enlargement , rather than making the necessary changes and the speed of speed so far so that an undesirable decision was not taken .
We must fight against illegal immigration , the exploitation of women and children , the exploitation of women and children , the exploitation of women and children , but we must note that the formal documents that have formally taken place do not meet any substantial practical progress .
We await a European system for the use of the Internet .
After all , there is no freedom without rules but it is only against breaches of national and international laws .
The revival of Mediterranean policy , approved by the European Parliament during its last part @-@ session , must be achieved as quickly as the peace process in the Middle East .
Under all the facts of the necessary requirements , one of the key priorities is : food safety and the health of the citizens .
In the name of an incorrect form of progress , the illegal profit of a number of positive progress and the illegal profit of some of the people &apos; s health and the illegal profit of the agricultural and the food industry are going to be abandoned .
The consequences are devastating if we are not determined to take clear and timely action on this .
Too often , the governments have already described the previous news on mad cow disease , accidental or inhuman , in all those who have proven not only to be seen as an economic and health exercise , but in the case of an ecological and health issue .
Mr Prodi , we call on you to ask the Council to make a urgent request for the implementation of a monitoring and interim body , but we would like to see more monitoring by your presidency .
Mr President , we are in Nice before Nice a great deal of serious questions which we need to answers .
These issues concern the demarcation between national and European competences , simplifying the provisions of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the role of the national parliaments in the architecture of the European Union &apos; s architecture .
What is the Member States going to do to continue to keep up ?
This issue is closely linked to the European Union &apos; s defence policy .
We must be aware of the fact that only in the light of clear defining the powers of the population can be expected to meet the legislative and political decisions at European level .
It is therefore essential that the Intergovernmental Conference should be incorporated more closely in the run @-@ up to the planned Intergovernmental Conference .
On the one hand , as early as possible , as soon as possible in the Member States in the Member States , and on the other , we have to resolve possible problems with regard to the possible problems in the United States .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , Mr President of the Commission , we are now starting to get a sitting on the matter : the Amsterdam leftovers , which we call for now , must be resolved in post @-@ Nice in Nice .
I believe that we must also have clear procedures for this .
The question is that it is only a temporary statement which will be adopted in a convention and will 15 in the crucial night last night as the same as in Nice ?
I believe that we must be clarified here , both in terms of both the method and objectives , which should not be the case .
Moreover , it is also important for discussions to be made , given that the decision @-@ making process is not bad , according to which methods which may be carried out even before the post @-@ Nice Treaty , which may perhaps be resolved before the post @-@ Nice Treaty , for example , where this has been resolved .
Furthermore , this is also the method in which enlargement is not too late .
Enlargement is the second major issue , and we must fulfil our historic duty .
This leads me to the third issue .
We need to see that transatlantic links are not being held in new security discussions in new security discussions that the Americans do not understand our own and defence initiative and we cannot understand the Americans with their Millennium Round .
Firstly , I think we can say that enlargement is our great job of security .
Secondly , if we develop our own capability , this part of the Atlantic Alliance will continue to be part of the Atlantic Alliance , which will continue to be responsible for collective security in Europe .
I believe that this is the opportunity to create the conditions for a transatlantic market market .
The head of the American President , Robert Bevin , is the author of the New Declaration of 1990 .
I would ask you to build on this tradition so that the sea goes back again .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , three brief comments .
First of all , it is not only the public debate - the comments made by Mr Swoboda and Mr Brok on this - but also at the first stage .
My very clear question to you is : are you prepared - are the Commission ready - and will we be ready to institute a joint Commission proposal from the Commission and Parliament for the further revision of the process of &quot; wake @-@ up &quot; in the wake of this year 2001 ?
That is the first question where the method is concerned .
Secondly , with regard to the second question , I welcome the fact that we have a body for the participation of governments , the Commission , the European Parliament and national parliaments .
We want a convention for the future of the post @-@ Nice process , a convention which is responsible for the public debate , which is a precursor for public debate , and , at the same time , a clear proposal for the IGC and the issues which will then be negotiated until 2004 .
The third question concerns issues .
Four topics are foreseen , and we all know that , as we all know , it is not only these issues that need to be clarified but that it is important that we do not need to lay down these issues .
I would advise all of us to list from this unusual term &quot; post @-@ Nice Summit &quot; .
It is not a question of &apos; Nice &apos; Nice .
At the end of a day , it is true that the end of a period of Nice , it is also the end of an age , the darkest days of the European unification process of the fifties , 60s , Interface and eighties .
It is a question of creating preparation for a new European Union , that is to say , a European Union of the 21st century .
We are not talking about the &quot; Nice @-@ Nice process &quot; , it is a question of achieving a renewal of the European construction process .
If we are to win the public debate , if we want to win the public and the citizens of Europe , then it is not enough to take a &quot; wake @-@ up &apos; process , but we must make it clear that it is a new European Union in a new Europe which has changed a new European Union which has since 1990 changed !
Mr President , allow me to start by expressing my grave disappointment at the fact that no ministers are present in this important debate .
Mr President of the Commission , in the wake of Nice , it is clear that the compromise reached behind closed doors is clear behind closed doors .
Once again , we have come back and has promised a broad social debate on Europe &apos; s objectives , its future and tasks .
That is good .
The promises are required .
But how should this happen ?
If the citizens of Europe are to take part in the debate on the future of the common European project , they will also be able to influence them .
Is the Commission prepared to incorporate proposals and ideas and to implement it ?
In this case , the EU means changing and simplify the EU .
We know that many citizens want a clear constitution .
When will they be given this ?
We also know that the environment , asylum and cross @-@ border crime are important issues which want to see a strong , dynamic and dynamic EU .
Are the Commission and the Council prepared to provide these instruments with these instruments ?
Unfortunately , the results of Nice are a disincentive .
We know that there is a general proposition that the Union is going to be interfering in much too much detail .
The Commission is prepared to give the famous principle of the substance of the famous principle of subsidiarity and to find a procedure in order to limit the enormous amount of rules that we all belong in Brussels and Strasbourg .
The EU &apos; s citizens and the national parliaments and , of course , this Parliament must , of course , be a real influence on the procedure , the agenda and the decisions on the future of the EU .
But how exactly ?
That is the major question which has arisen in the air and all colleagues have mentioned .
After what happened in the course of 2000 , it is hard to agree , Mr Romano Prodi , if you explain your programme to Europe and the year 2001 .
Having said your programme , we could not accept this extremely serious and serious problem at all .
In their proposals , the new economy and millions of new jobs are mentioned without taking account of the need to take these jobs into account in the areas of rural areas which are at the highest possible level at all due to the highest possible and high @-@ performance posts .
Neither the economic and budgetary problems which need to be taken in the necessary enlargement with new states , nor are the tragedy of immigration from the Third World , which has been identified by the ultra @-@ liberal globalisation which has been carried out in Finland , particularly in Denmark .
There is no doubt about the deep disappointment of Nice , and it is in this context that , in this context , Member States are no longer able to see a direct democratic decision of the citizens over the Union or whether or not to prevent governments with political and legal bodies with political and legal bodies .
Mr President , Mr Romano Prodi , the Commission should not cease to end the fact that the process is currently a process which is currently being concluded in the European society , which must be concluded by adopting a constitution of the Union .
It would be good if the Council , the Commission and Parliament adopted the initiative that the citizens are asking for .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , today the Eurosceptics are complaining .
They have been replaced by a dominant force in this House , which , in theory , is based on dark colour , which is directly akin to the political arrogance which they have shown and which they have unfortunately shown , and unfortunately , because they have learnt nothing from the past .
Now , however , the enlarged European Union needs exactly the opposite , so that it is not just the case of the Treaty of Amsterdam to be attributed to the Nice Treaty of Nice and when the year 2004 came to new frustration .
Europe needs another strategy , another concept .
The majority of the majority must be able to find out the reality of prejudice .
It is enough , however , that they failed in Nice .
It is now important that they take on board the fact that they knew and which has taken place there .
What we need here is the question of the speed of speed , but also about speed .
If one wants to lay down a public and political superstructure , it is not even a European people , but it is not even a European public , that is to say a few years ago .
This is more centralisation , less democracy .
Of course , the peoples are against .
No one wants to do anything about democratic quality , which is in its own country , in its own language and culture , where the power is to be close to a vote , which is , of course , respected .
If we are not prepared to listen to it , if we are not prepared to listen to the leadership of national parliaments , if we do not want to take Europe away from the national parliaments , then the following @-@ time debate will take place at the forthcoming Nice debate , which will be as unfortunate as the Nice debate .
It would also be regrettable if the federalists continue to close their close theoretical theoretical approach to the reality of the peoples and undermine the same disappointment as at Nice and Europe .
What has been prepared is not a keynote , what is going to happen :
We need a completely different European strategy , a strategy with the nations on the basis of peoples , and no longer .
Furthermore , as a European debate , we need fifteen national debates in the context of enlargement , national debates on Europe without attacking and ambiguities on the table .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the absence of a Commission &apos; s specific work programme to prepare the forthcoming institutional reform is met , as you noticed , this Parliament .
It seems that we should await the guidelines for asymmetric movement .
But the debate on the future of the Union has been launched for months , with speeches from various Heads of State and Government , and Parliament has already active active action .
The passivity of the Commission , if they confirm it , would be extremely serious in this preparatory process , because we all know that it is a major responsibility : it is the guardian of the Commission .
This responsibility needs to be made in concrete proposals , not in vague terms , in a White Paper or in more vague terms .
On the other hand , I am truly pleased that President Prodi has reiterated its support for the explanatory statement that Commissioner Barnier has reiterated this morning in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , which states that the proposal for a forum is not a step backwards in relation to the previous Convention , but the quest for a better functioning Convention .
If this is the case , what is the name of the name ?
The people of Europe now know what a convention is , and has been able to review its transparent and intelligent results and to compare the results of the last IGC .
He does not reject his names ; they reject the Convention .
Let us therefore look at the public and the public , so that we are faced with the public and the Commission .
Let us not go back to those who do not want democratic and democratic Europe , but a pan @-@ European , diplomatic Europe .
The Union does not need the Commission .
It needs an active and courageous Commission , as we call them today .
Mr President , if we are at long last looking at the debate on the future of the European Union , we need a sustainable institutional balance between the European Union .
The proposals you have made this morning will allow us to give Mr Hänsch the opportunity to restore the natural link between our two institutions , the natural link between our two institutions to restore this dialogue between our two institutions .
But if we want to make progress on this path , it is not helpful to denounce this or the Council &apos; s attitude .
We need a strong Council and we need a strong Council in our institutional power .
reforms are made without any change to the Treaty .
We should support initiatives in this respect in the Council instead of sending us back to the Council &apos; s absence to regret the absence of the Council , as Mr Poettering did .
My second point concerns the White Paper on responsible political leadership , which we expect with impatience .
We assume that it will be accompanied by the debate on one of the points in Annex IV , i.e. competences .
But I would like to draw your attention to one aspect .
You have indicated this morning that you want a Europe closer to the citizens .
In our opinion , if we are to make progress here , we are asking for real improvements .
We are getting bogged down in our constituencies , in our own countries , in our own countries , in our own countries .
The long @-@ windedness of the procedure , the concentration of projects and the concentration of projects .
The third point relates to the debate on the future of the Union .
In my opinion , this morning you have made some points which allow us to start the dialogue between good conditions .
Of course , the question must be made of the content ; the institutional questions will then be taken later .
Of course , the issue of the Union &apos; s political clout at international level is to talk about the issue of solidarity , and I am exaggerating in this context in terms of the social model , which we must develop in the European Union .
As far as the method is concerned , we are delighted that you have taken note of the idea that , at an economic stage , the four partners &apos; four partners must once again have to be involved in a structured phase of dialogue .
There must be a distinction between the advisory and decision @-@ making bodies .
The Convention must remain a separate body because the experiences of Amsterdam and Nice have shown that the European Parliament &apos; s representatives in the IGC are not sufficiently adequate because we prefer the Convention of the Convention and because we are convinced that all proposals can be drawn up in this framework .
There is no separation between the issues of human rights , which could be discussed in political bodies , and the questions relating to institutional aspects , which were reserved for only diplomatic bodies .
Nice has demonstrated that the Convention would make it possible to make progress faster and faster , and to strengthen our common approach .
Mr President , enlargement is the most important European project .
I thank the Commission for its work .
But this is the difficult part .
We are now talking about speed .
The first obstacle is to be completed in Copenhagen , in December 2002 , in Copenhagen .
That is the objective of the Commission and we take them on this point .
I would urge the next Kosovars to keep very close contact with the candidate countries and to contribute to it in time to remove this situation .
However , Mr President , we must adapt to the countries of the Union , not just the candidate countries .
An EU with 27 Member States must learn their forces on the major and cross @-@ border tasks .
We do not do this at present .
You said here in Parliament , Mr President of the Commission , that the Union of all - I quote - and I quote : &quot; derisory points &quot; - should be exempted - to be exempted from the Council of Ministers and Parliament .
You have repeatedly said the words &quot; light &quot; , and you are right .
It is now time to do something about it .
Let us call for a more ambitious EU , but also more EU .
Tell us too many things !
I suggest that , Mr President of the Commission , you , Mr President of the Commission , would like to draw up a courageous Commissioner with the fight against small grants and less important regulations and that the Conference of the national parliaments and the European Parliament are empowered to adopt legally binding legislation rejecting the subsidiarity principle .
In return , there must be a strong Commission so that the Union is able to act in the other areas .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a spectre is haunting Europe .
It is a spectre of the imagination .
The trend towards renewing - the Council has led to the impasse in Nice , and Mr Prodi , we are the Commission &apos; s natural responsibilities .
The Commission and Parliament must work closely together on this issue .
If Parliament , Mr Prodi , sometimes criticises the Commission &apos; s preparatory criticism , then it does not have the same criticism against the Commission , but that of our democratic counterpart .
There is no doubt that we are going on this point .
National parliaments have been mentioned .
I attach great importance to the fact that a convention and not a forum are preparing for the next steps , because the Council &apos; s representative , the Commission , Parliament , Parliament and the European Parliament .
We must not shy away from the lack of social groups which have been referred to in the most important manner .
It would be important if the Commission were clearly formulated it .
Moreover , we must consider the role of the national parliaments in the European process .
It is important that the national parliaments are monitoring the Council .
That is its task .
They have no toilets in relation to the Community institutions such as the Commission or even Parliament .
So if it comes to the participation of the national parliaments , they must be asked for the Council &apos; s side .
They cannot limit the role of the European Parliament .
We are also very important to this clarification .
It is a priority in the Commission &apos; s work and immigration .
Here we will not draw up a European asylum and certification policy , but as Mr Vitorino rightly said - individual directives .
But we need a common approach which still needs to be lacking and which the Commission still needs .
In this respect - and I represent a quite similar position , as the Commission - and I represent a very similar and open debate - the next stage - the next step would be a broad advisory body , which is the next step forward .
This body could , in line with the Convention , the Charter of Fundamental Rights , be followed by representatives of the European Parliament , the national parliaments and governments .
The results will then be confirmed by a short Intergovernmental Conference .
In this respect , we would , of course , deal with the four issues mentioned by the European Council , including an issue which is closely linked to the Commission &apos; s White Paper .
I would like to know how the Commission is the most sensitive link between these two processes in the process , especially as they duplicate .
On the other hand , the future of the High Representative and the question of enlargement of the High Representative and the question of enlargement of Parliament will be the future of all legislative processes , including those which are currently in a perverse position .
Finally , we must look into the problem of the codification of the Treaties .
I would like to keep a special procedure for this .
A committee of experts from the Member States and the institutions should be able to complete the task of codification and simplification of the Treaties this year , so that the political work will start next year on the basis of a simplified and correct text .
That would be the case and we could devote our full attention to political work .
That would be my proposal for our action .
Mr President , the agenda of the Heads of State and Government for the post @-@ Nice process is political politically and not by means of the need to prepare the Union for its enlargement .
The issues which are intended to give the citizens the fear of a slow light on the basis of a slow light on the part of Brussels , but will make a further difference .
A final division between European and national powers is not possible .
Cooperation is not a supranational but a dynamic process .
The issues which have been taboo , such as the euro , can be seen as a deterrent .
The criterion is the social necessity and cannot be counted .
However , a forum in which the future of Europe is discussed in detail , is an excellent idea , but the result is very clear .
As regards this , in the individual countries , in the different countries , in the political parties and even within political parties .
Anyone who wants to regain the confidence of the citizens must be a more transparent and competitive Europe for a political structure , a political structure which implies no renationalisation of policy , but also strengthening the political institutions of the Union .
These issues are based on the agenda , so that it would have been courage .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to say a word about the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 .
Never before were there ever more credible or without any indication that the EU will have to do less but better .
This will also be the position of the European Parliament in the coming weeks when its committees will be involved in this programme .
In view of some of the approximately 200 initiatives , which are almost 200 metres , there is a great deal to examine and to put their own priorities .
Turning now to the post @-@ Nice process , I would like to see it in the context of the European future .
We look back to the history of the European Union over the past century and the European continent of the last century .
Let me take this occasion to quote from a journey from the electorate &apos; s nose to quote from the lamb , which he says : &quot; people want to shout a better future , but that is not true .
The future is a great lesson to anyone who is not interested in life , and the past has been living in the past , and that we want to destroy it or herself , so that we want to destroy or infringe them .
People want to change the past in order to change the past . &quot;
Well , we have changed the past , and Europe is quite different from the European Union &apos; s Europe .
The four following aspects of the Nice Treaty are neither relevant nor irrelevant .
Our position on the key issues is clear .
We want greater involvement by the national parliaments , and we want to have more dialogue and constructive .
We would welcome a clearer jurisprudence of the powers in the Berlin statement of the European People &apos; s Party last month , provided that this is not a pretext for strengthening the centre .
Even if the Treaties are to be simplified , this should not be used as a pretext for introducing a full European constitution , but , above all , it cannot be used as a pretext for introducing a full European constitution , in particular when it comes to a legally binding state of Fundamental Rights .
All these issues deserve as broad public debate as possible .
Although the past has always been open to open consultation in the past , the officials of the various Member States had failed to take closed doors at the IGC IGC in the case of Amsterdam and Maastricht .
This must change in the next veterinary policy .
There must be a genuine consultation of civil society , which is the expression of cultural and political openness which we would like to like .
Mr Corbett quoted the chairman of the chair .
I would quote myself with intra @-@ Turkish Cypriots , who are thousands of displaced people .
Our debate on the institutional future of the EU must not be restricted to the whole of the European Union &apos; s limited resources , and we must not confine ourselves to the democratic potential of the Internet and to public opinion .
The EU must work towards a truly open society .
Our citizens must have a say , including those in the candidate countries .
We should also consider a new date for the next IGC .
The year 2004 is a long time ago and it is a long time ago and it is a short while ago that the European elections will be held .
In 2003 , the European elections will be given the opportunity to give the citizens the opportunity to express their assent or vote against certain important decisions of governments , and the extension to certain important decisions will then be announced .
These are the important questions .
One of the central questions in Great Britain and other countries where the general elections are to be met will be the future of Europe , where the future is the future of Europe ?
In the light of a Council of Ministers and a Commission , it is the wrong way to deal with Europe .
In Great Britain , the message could not be clearer , given the fact that the Conservatives can be able to guarantee that , in the post @-@ Nice process , the right solutions can be found for a more competitive Europe .
In order to ensure the future of the European future , most people in Europe want the people to live in Europe , but they are not governed by Europe .
( Laughter and applause )
Mr President , unlike the previous speaker , I should like to quote with the previous speaker , not George d &apos; état .
During George readmission of the wording of the text , he said that the rapporteur has said that the authors are not going to , and this is the crux of my brief speech .
The fifth person in this world has no access to clean drinking water , medical and basic training and basic basic education .
The European Union , which is not just a trading block , could make an important contribution to this area , but also a set of values and peace .
Over the past year , on the basis of the agreement reached between the Commission , the Council and Parliament on the budget for the 2001 budget , the agreement on the 2001 budget is , in fact , covered by both medical services and basic education , within the framework of the current budget and not , as a brake on , plus .
It has been set targets and additional staff .
The Commission &apos; s thinking is that work is being carried out and that it will no longer be possible to carry on with such a long @-@ term budget , and that it will be more and more useful to achieve direct results in areas which are essential to development .
In this way , Europe could send a great signal to us , that is to say that we are not just talking about social issues but also of heart .
I hope that the Commission will be able to present a good record this year .
Mr President , the Nice Summit was not successful in general , perhaps in general , perhaps those who feel that they should be excluded from Europe .
From this point of view , it is not surprising that there has been a discussion of a discussion about the post @-@ Nice process .
In this debate - and this is absolutely essential - and this is absolutely important - the Commission finds itself in the process of settling proceedings at the end of the summit .
Our Parliament has now adopted the initiative for an interim report in the summer , as well as a final report , which is to be presented at the end of the year , i.e. at the end of the year .
In spite of this work work , it is appropriate for some time now to proceed .
This is what our Group is about at this stage .
First of all , the main inclusion of the Treaty of Nice must be defined in order to give the proper substance to the post @-@ Nice Summit .
It is essential for the Union to become more democratic .
The mistake of a qualified majority in Nice , i.e. a qualified majority , is unacceptable by qualified majority voting , but it is unacceptable that the European Parliament and the European Parliament be excluded from this .
We need to rectify this error .
Secondly , we must change the complicated decision @-@ making process .
The new legislation will no longer be allowed to get the citizens and that could not have been intended .
In this debate , there is no risk of discussing a clear demarcation between national and European powers , rather than a step in the right direction .
It would be even better to distinguish between such a specific tasks and the European constitution .
Thirdly and finally , Mr President , we have to move away from all endless , mainly officials of the game .
Far more efficient is the growth of the Charter , as has been applied to the drafting of the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I very much hope that the Commission will draw up its proposal for the creation of a forum , since such a wide body is not allowed to take the right decisions .
A Convention also provides the advantage , also by national parliaments .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I want to say nothing about Nice , once no one listens to me .
The chairman of the PPE @-@ DE Group told us just now that he is not listening to him .
I am referring to the Commission &apos; s proposal on the foreign and security policy .
There are two aspects of the content , geographical and content .
In fact , I agree with the biggest part of the Commission &apos; s geographical paper on one point : there is no mention of the Middle East .
We have been in the past and I hope that the future will also be the most powerful and more productive in the future .
I do not have enough to say that the process of a process would be a different one .
We need a different role in the negotiations in the Middle East .
We hope that this will not only be the task of the Council and the High Representative of the CFSP , but we expect an important , creative initiative from the Commission .
In essence , we need the Commission &apos; s presence in the common European security and defence policy .
Our Parliament welcomed developments in this area in Mrs Lalumière &apos; s report , but I would like to abide by my colleague , Mr Nassauer , and I would like to follow this up - a spectre of Europe , especially in this area .
Our Parliament wishes to see a common and European security and defence policy .
The Commission is obliged , Mr President , to strengthen the adoption of this policy .
They want to contribute to crisis management and conflict prevention , and this is something I am well aware of .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would ask you to request that you do not have the necessary discussions with the President of the Commission during the debate because it is not listening to the debate because he is unable to listen , and I am sure you will gladly listen .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the Commission on his report today and on his report on the year 2000 .
I would also like to highlight the important role of the European Union &apos; s Charter of Fundamental Rights in this report , and I congratulate Commissioner Vitorino on his important speech .
The fundamental rights of the European Union , Mr President , we must now see how we see this Charter in the Treaty .
Of course , fundamental rights are to defend those who violate them within the European Union .
I therefore believe that all those initiatives which refer to the third pillar are of fundamental importance for this Parliament .
The leader of our group , Hans @-@ sounding Poettering , and many other speakers have expressed it today .
For us , the stage of the communitisation of the Treaty in Maastricht is extremely important .
And here I believe that there is an initiative which the Commission has outlined in its own monetary policy and that we attach great importance to the European search for European search .
I believe that in the European Union it should not be a place for terrorists , for those terrorists who , yesterday , have signed a further bomb in Madrid in Madrid and who wanted to commit the people of Europe to commit themselves .
Mr President , I am sure that this initiative , one of the priorities of the Commission , will soon become a reality .
I would therefore like to encourage you to go ahead with this line .
Mr President , I should unfortunately like to repeat the observation which I held last year , namely that our Union lacks a lack of realism .
It is not a accusation for President Prodi or the Commission , because the Commission is undoubtedly working , or perhaps I should say more than that .
Incidentally , it is very much in a great many matters .
No one is in a position to see all the Commission &apos; s Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , bureaux , communications , communications , communications , communications , and reports .
Hence my first conclusion is that we should do less but better .
As President Prodi said this morning , as President Prodi said this morning , we must not allow you to attend to the bottom @-@ up of traffic .
We urgently need to specify who is what what we do in our Union , i.e. the principle of subsidiarity .
The Commission must not , even if it has a good legal reason , not to build up the decision of a national Parliament on the construction of a new railway or the decision of a regional parliament on the construction of a new railway system , because it falls under subsidiarity .
The President of the Commission was aware of this morning ; it has asked the right questions , but it is not his job to ask questions .
The Commission has a right of initiative , it must make proposals .
I do not have enough time to continue this debate , but I must say that if we want to build the new European Parliament , we do not just need to create a new European house and , above all , architects .
Mr President of the Commission , I hope you will be the architect .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to thank you , because I would like to thank you for your speech today , which is what we want to do as Europe , which is what we want to do as Europe and to give a response .
During this discussion , Mr President , the European Parliament should play an important role in the place of all the movements and all of Europe &apos; s centres of power .
And since today &apos; s debate on everything else has been characterised by ABB , satellites and inheritance by historical leaders , I would also like to make you heard with a reference to you all of the European Union &apos; s fairly well @-@ known political personality .
In his &apos; letters from prison &apos; , which , in his &apos; letters from prison &apos; , has indicated that the people of Europe must be given a better future .
Mr President , I had , in fact , to be able to achieve more balance in the Commission &apos; s work programme in the Commission &apos; s work programme , which hopes that action taken in the Commission &apos; s work programme , economic economic and social policy measures can hardly be condemned .
We need balanced progress in the internal market policy , competition policy and social policy , but the Commission &apos; s programme can hardly serve .
I do not see a reference to these policies .
For example , in terms of competition policy and the single market , the regulation should be supplemented with concepts relating to the rights of workers , including social entitlements .
I have been very important to the recognition of this donor relationship , but I have no intention of calling for it .
In the fields of economy and the internal market , development is progressing much more quickly than in the social field , which can easily lead to imbalance .
I am also able , in the Commission &apos; s work programme , to look at the social agenda which was agreed at Nice in December .
We can expect further progress in the fields of open coordination , which is now well known in terms of employment and also in terms of social protection .
I would like to raise a fundamental problem here , namely that Parliament and its rapporteurs are not available to the Commission in time .
We must also comply with the usual level of coordination in these new forms of open coordination .
Furthermore - and the conclusion of the Commission &apos; s work programme , the Commission &apos; s work programme , with its promises , a Green Paper on the social liability of companies , will be a Green Paper .
A Green Paper of this kind must be directed at the thousands of workers who have been victims of restructuring over the past few weeks , as is a bad mystery .
The legal framework in this area must be reviewed , and I hope that the Commission will react quickly .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we think it is very positive that you also set up measures and initiatives which the Union will make in the direction of a more efficient development process , that you also need measures relating to asylum and migration .
However , I would also like to demand a few basic points . We expect the consequences and that you expect your initiatives to consider that they are not in conflict with previous initiatives .
This care - and I should like to give you one example here , is missing from what we are talking about here , as referred to by the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council on the subject of so @-@ called family reunification .
If family reunification is to be subject to family reunification , that means the spouse , the spouse , is a very positive measure in the interests of a foreign policy which is our full support .
However , if you are to be given the same title , the right to claim to claim to claim to claim to claim to be reunited with the right to claim family reunification throughout the Union , then it does not seem to have been borne in mind , even in contradiction with your communications in connection with a future immigration policy .
Furthermore , you take the right to decide the Member States to decide which and how many people in the Union could be able to intervene in the Union , and that is what you are saying positive about .
Mr President of the Commission , we want to support you , but it will only be possible if your initiatives are not contradictory and , if the initiatives are not resolved , there will be no new problems .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we agree that we need a knowledge @-@ based economy .
I am pleased that Mr Prodi has stressed the priority of sustainable development , which has proved to be far beyond the natural environment .
We welcome the rapid speed of energy in the energy market , despite the danger of creating a competitive link between energy and the objective of development .
I hope that you will be able to make a consistent contribution to the use of renewable energy sources and an economical management of energy .
With regard to trade , we also believe that we should adopt a new WTO round for the purposes of sustainable development .
I would like to take this opportunity to express my deep disappointment at Mr Prodi at the fact that once again , the European Parliament has failed to include more in commercial matters .
I strongly urge you to draft an interinstitutional agreement which guarantees the involvement of the European Parliament in commercial matters .
We believe in a reform and democratisation of the WTO .
We believe that the initiative is a good step , although some of us regret the delays that have been lost by the least developed countries of the world , that we are not so serious about our commitment .
In the area of innovation and research , we look forward to a detailed sixth framework programme .
Not proposals are being made and vague proposals are being delayed and which cause a great deal of concern and frustration .
Needless to say , the European research area is of great importance .
We believe that information for benchmarking is extremely important , especially in the field of economy and innovation .
As a last speaker , I am sorry to hear two minutes .
Ferber ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
Mr President , you have approached the sitting here , Mr President of the Commission , and not surprise .
The Commission has submitted an excellent programme for the year 2001 , and one can say that it is a fact that it is because it is because it is going to do so .
However , if I look at what is more , the work programme for this year , i.e. from the working programme for this year , I have already had a great deal to say that , at the end of this year , we only have to broadcast even further for new initiatives .
In other words , it should be considered once again if you are not going to focus on what is going on in anticipation of what is going on in the post @-@ Nice process , namely the question of duplication , whether you do not have the task of concentrating on the main issue , and whether you , as the Commission , could lead to the issue of duplication of power in this Europe .
In this way , you would achieve the fact that you will not be given so many subjects in the next or last year , to say that people understand what is going on in the whole of Europe as a whole .
I would like to encourage you really - and I have read everything with great care , which you are proposing to check whether or not this could be looked into in the context of the practical division of competences , which is not necessarily necessary .
There is a second issue I would like to address , because I am a staunch ally for your representative representative .
I have a little concern with regard to your approach of the new governance .
The question about the role of an elected Parliament , which must be responsible for this , is also at home with the people who do not have this responsibility .
It is precisely at European level that many representatives are constantly involved in the offices of the various associations and ask themselves to find themselves in the offices of the various associations , and are sometimes those who represent people who represent this in Europe ?
It is not acceptable , nor can it be the purpose of such a new approach that the duplication which are not defined in the name of the jurisdiction , is that we , the European Parliament , are going to be able to bring the European Parliament together .
President .
I believe that you have just spoken to me .
My surprise was not to express my surprise , not to your person , but at your disposal .
Mr President , I can agree with what Mr Ferber said .
I am going to say nothing about the multitude of proposals made in my area of competence , i.e. in environmental policy and consumer protection .
I shall not say that I will not say that half the next year will be transferred to half the next year .
In a German style , you are trying to try and try .
They would not wish to see a new job , so that they would not obtain them .
When you talk about good governance , Mr Prodi , one of the good governance you are talking about is that you evaluate your Commission and decide what the Commission is doing and what is more and more appropriate .
In order to remain able to maintain good governance , what is meant by good governance ?
What is that really ?
Does this mean transparency ?
Go , Mr Prodi .
We are all very happy about transparency , but is more of the involvement of football games which you can choose and which you will be able to negotiate .
I am saying no , that is no more transparency .
And to reduce procedures , Mr Prodi .
Yes , I am in favour of cutting the procedure into the Commission , also for the reduction of the administrative procedures in the Commission .
I am also in favour of reducing the procedures in Parliament , but do I say that there is voluntary agreement with industry ?
Will the process be quicker ?
And who will they monitor ?
Who does not work if it does not function ?
Is the more democracy , I ask you ?
You , Mr Prodi , are selected by the Heads of Government and by us .
However , we in the European Parliament have been elected by the citizens of the European Union .
This European Parliament has , as you are happy to say , a central role in civil society , as you are happy to say , and I hope you can see that you see your democracy .
I would warn against all of you in the Commission , Mr Prodi , on this key role of this European Parliament , Mr Prodi .
As well as good governance , it seems to be good to say that the Commission is planning first and foremost to listen to the Commission , and I would therefore ask you to keep it straight away , and I would therefore ask you that the European Parliament is the decision @-@ makers and also the body which you control .
Mr President , last week I found the frustrations of twelve people in my country on the beaches of twelve people who tried to arrive at the European Union last year .
Mr Prodi talks about the European Union and its institutions .
In my opinion , the issues relating to the realisation of the area of freedom , security and justice are undoubtedly sensitive issues for the citizens of the Union .
We are dealing with this issue in a very strange situation .
The Commission &apos; s legislative programme is a good one , the Commission &apos; s proposals are well known , they are clearly defined in the scoreboard , and we can discuss them and discuss them .
There is a good communication on immigration - I hope Mr Poettering will be informed about this - which is based on a consensus on the continuation of a common policy .
The same applies to asylum and cooperation , for example , as my colleague said , in order to fight terrorism .
In Stockholm , and until the last week in Stockholm , the Council has stressed that the Tampere European Council signed up to the Tampere European Council , but it is a sense of confusion .
No of the proposals submitted on the table have been reached , not to family reunification or to other questions .
Mr Prodi , you said before this House that there will be delays in implementing these policies . You said that it is not the fault of the Commission , and you said that it is not the fault of the Commission .
What will the Commission do to defend this part of the legislative programme , which I would like to stress , for a good programme ?
Thank you .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the few Members of the Commission , I cannot take note of some of them , but I would like to highlight some of them and I would like to highlight some of them in order to highlight the general orientation .
First of all , in all words , starting with Mr Cox &apos; s speech , on the issue of permanent priorities , it is important not to mention the issue of the continued priorities .
Of course , we can inject our attention to the fact that , although it is accepted , it is absurd to proceed in certain quarters , but in certain times we must simply proceed to the idea that we have to get the impression that we have to get the impression that we have to get ahead with concrete priorities in order to establish concrete priorities .
I also believe that a government should sometimes be confused or tedious : we are trying to limit it to a minimum , but one that is simply the business of business .
Today , we have presented a programme for strategic planning .
Parliament will certainly appreciate the strict priorities , but I am sure that these strict priorities must be followed by detailed documents which will be extremely cumbersome .
But the policy is , first and foremost , a vision of vision and then it will be specific .
Secondly , all the honourable Members - by Mr Hänsch and many other Members - have stressed the fact that the Commission is working on cooperation .
Mr Hänsch talked even about a joint proposal from our two institutions .
I do not know whether this would be helpful ; of course we must work together to achieve common determination to achieve a common decision .
However , the viewpoints on those decisions can be taken in a different way and , then , in a joint proposal , we will continue to make progress in the committees in our daily work in order to bring together the analysis , analysis and difficult records of the problems , and precisely this is what we are doing .
For the time being , we will have to proceed in a complex timetable - and this is the third problem which has been raised this morning and by Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , Mrs Maij @-@ Weggen , Mrs Maij @-@ Weggen and others .
We really have a difficult timetable : we are all talking about 2004 , but 2004 is a year of total changeover to Parliament and the Commission .
If we really want to achieve this process , we must make it clear that we will have to conclude this process by the end of 2003 .
I would just like to talk about this as a problem , because , as we all know , the election campaign will be held in June 2004 , in June 2004 , and then the new Commission appointed the new Commission which was appointed in January 2005 .
That is why it is a year of convert and I believe that this Parliament is keen to make the most important political impetus of the Union in this important political structure .
I think that this is the crux of the problem .
This change is not acceptable by two parliaments or at a transitional stage , a phase which the Commission has no powers to power , or at least its mandate and at the end of the day .
I am dealing with this problem without having a solution , but I believe we must consider this because we have a fixed date - the year 2004 - the year 2004 - and the problems which need to be taken into consideration in order to find a solution .
Mr Swoboda , Robert , Voggenhuber and Corbett have pointed out another major point in which I would like to avoid any misunderstanding in which I would like to see the procedures for Europe &apos; s broad debate on Europe &apos; s agenda .
With regard to religious dogma , we shall be voting in principle , and we will see whether we can do good work and to include civil society as promised in the debate .
In any event , this is our concern and the Commission and the Commission to support this debate .
As far as almonds is concerned , I would like to avoid all sorts of logic : I think it is time for the debate on the future of Europe .
I would like to repeat my comments and I would like to clarify them : we need to set up a firm body following the convention &apos; s model , which is the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I repeat , on the basis of the model , the body of the Convention must be different , and it is probably a small and medium @-@ sized .
That is what I am talking about here .
However , we need to develop the model already used .
I endorse the proposal of Michel Barnier and the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
This body must make proposals , which will not necessarily require unanimity , because the time will come to light on which we will have to pass on so much proposals , which will only be difficult to reach unanimity .
That is why we need to think about a different kind of body , the same aims .
We have to work - and we must work on this - some basic principles .
Let me repeat : the European Parliament must be involved , and it must be the national parliaments , the governments of the Member States and the Commission .
This applies to the nature and strength of the Union .
Of course , I have taken note of your concerns that this body should not be too great . I share the view that , in view of the existence of these four structures , it will be difficult to restrict the institutional structure of these four structures .
However , we have to face a great deal of the task , a high representative representation of these four structures and a sufficient number of members , in order to be able to make more and more decisions .
On this basis , I think it will be possible to cooperate and cooperate and bring together the final process .
I would like to make one further comment .
We have two matters to make : we want to participate in the candidate countries - and this participation is not entirely determined , but , presumably , they are not going to have a right @-@ wing .
We must do that , and we must therefore consider the necessary procedures .
Finally , we agree that we should go beyond the four issues of Nice .
So let us look at the content , and then we can give a name to this effect : I am sure that we are all entitled to be able to decide whether or not the Assembly , the Council , committee or whatever .
I believe that , in any case , this is the operational content which we must face .
There have been a number of other concerns regarding subsidiarity and proportionality .
I would like to assure you that this is a fundamental principle of our Commission , which is perfectly compatible with the fact that we need to be able to make recommendations and also to provide appropriate recommendations .
An interesting example has been cited .
It is not a question of God &apos; s desire to unify schools in Europe , but we must do away with our young workers who change from one Member State from another Member State .
The single European standardisation system must not be compulsory , but it is undoubtedly an instrument to facilitate mobility within the different Member States .
We need common sense to show that there are things which we can solve and sometimes modify the sometimes opposite , but which must be done to support our decisions .
Then there are very many other things that really are no real .
Finally , I would like to highlight the Mediterranean policy , Mr Fiori and Mr Sakellariou .
Earlier this year we have little talk about what I find out , because we are right - and rightly so - to have the enlargement and defence policy .
However , it is a fairly concrete programme for the Mediterranean Basin last month , in Israel and Palestine , last month in Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia , in Algeria , Syria and in Lebanon .
I can assure you that there is a need to call for Europe to make a call for Europe not only because of the economic problems , but also for the support which we have given to those countries .
However , there are two new , important demands which have been made by all the Members of the Union : firstly , the transition from bilateral cooperation to multilateral levels , i.e. regional cooperation , but also on groups , for example , of the teaching and the Maghreb .
There is a strong desire for a Europe of Europe , where it is the European Union - that every single European Union - every single European Union - has looked at all the past , and that is a new model which is being considered as a new and most sensible model for cooperation of these countries .
Secondly , the Union would like to see a partner in the peace negotiations .
Of course it will depend on the world &apos; s ability to solve this issue .
I am grateful to the European Parliament because he has made me very striking here , because he has made it clear , and with the explanatory statement that it was very clear that we are aware of the fact that we know their problems every day .
I am very disciplined when it comes to the Mediterranean Basin , not just because I was born , but because I would like to remind you that coexistence , peace , war , war , concord and concord between the regions and cultures are very much dependent on this area .
I would like to remind all of you , because this has already been set up , and the Spanish Presidency has already mentioned this - on a summit @-@ based Europe on the Mediterranean , which will take place next year under the Spanish Presidency .
It is therefore quite advisable to carry out the work work this year in order to prepare this policy .
With regard to sustainable development , I agree with what has been said here .
However , I would like to reiterate once again that this is an extremely important chapter , but also an extremely difficult chapter .
We are often trying to reassure our conscience , while sustainable development means that , in sustainable development , we must take an extremely complex and difficult decisions which will affect the industry , our modern life , the arts and use of energy .
This is a great challenge which we must not escape , which is a great deal of responsibility and a major sense of responsibility if we are not alone - if we want to reassure our consciences - our consciences , which we can also reassure .
I also share my concern in the emigration , internal security and foreign policy .
Finally , I would like to appeal to the request that some of us have asked me , and that we cannot delay enlargement .
I must say : we do not delay it .
The Swedish Presidency has made a great deal of a great and stimulating contribution , and Commissioner Verheugen has built up a massive tour of the world &apos; s business .
Now , we are approaching the critical phase of political decisions - agriculture , environmental policy , environmental policy and the top of political wisdom , because this is the very great process which is currently taking place .
I have recently quoted Kofi Annan - the enlargement process will be seen by the United Nations , of all , of course , in the very important message of peace and civilisation .
We need to resolve the specific problems so that we can really find this message .
Finally , I would like to comment on the request made by one of your colleagues , Mr Goebbels .
The Commission is not just here to express its views on these issues , but also to make proposals , and if possible , when it is possible to act as a architect of this European Parliament , then I would , of course , like to see your support , under your cooperation and also under your control .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 12 noon .
I should , however , like to start with the next debate , because we have already been grateful for five times during the night sitting during the night sitting , and for every minute we are grateful for every minute .
restructurings and mergers in the industry
The next item is the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on the Commission &apos;s initiatives on the social effects of restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , Commissioners , this question concerns the Commission .
A few months ago , our President , Mrs Fontaine , has expressed its concern at the Lisbon European Council about the disastrous effects of certain restructuring and mergers .
It asked the Heads of State and Government to take the necessary measures to regulate this balanced approach and to assess their social impact , so that the necessary social measures can be implemented .
With regard to Mrs Fontaine , Mrs Fontaine is a fundamental problem : how can the necessary flexibility of the companies and the specialist security of workers be agreed on each other .
Lisbon has still stepped up restructuring .
We are now talking about more than three hundred types of mergers per year .
Every day puts forward new divisions for workers , in the sectors which , bizarrely , look at the old economy as the old economy , i.e. the main part of the economy , or it is in the fields of new telecommunications systems .
The Nice Summit has set a very positive signal in this respect .
For thirty years , the agreement on the European company &apos; s Statute for company company has been based on the European company &apos; s electoral policy , as well as the adoption of the social agenda of the European Union &apos; s situation in the Union .
With regard to these - I would like to call on the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs to ask the Commission to make clear on this new political willingness to make these new political roles and to draw up their proposals .
So let us ask the Commission to make precise commitments .
First and foremost , we want to see improved standardisation of the social consequences of restructuring .
How do you intend to use the new European Monitoring Centre for Development and working in the context of the Dublin Foundation and its establishment of this House ?
We want to see the existing social directives based on the assessment of their application , as well as new ones , by restructuring .
We are still asking for the necessary changes to be made in the event that the necessary changes are needed in order to ensure that the rights of workers are carried out in consultation and informing the Commission &apos; s rights , measures which will be carried out in the field of informing the workers and to provide information from the social partners in the most effective way .
In this context , we welcome the fact that the Commission is already in a position to approve the review of the current directive on Euroworks proceedings for the European Works Councils in 2002 , which has been scheduled for a review of this kind after a few years &apos; time , which is now the time .
We also call upon you to review the directive on massive redundancies with the aim of assessing the necessary measures to prevent infringements of the victims &apos; response to the obligation to provide information .
We want to continue - and as we know , Mrs Diamantopoulou is not totally opposed to this idea , with a view to taking account of the principle of internal competition policy , which is , I am sure , that internal competition policy will be changed in order to take account of social aspects .
Would it not be normal if a company in Brussels is to vote in favour of a merger that the Commission will then ensure that the minimum requirements for information and consultation provided in Community law are observed .
Our fellow Commissioners , Commissioners , are a historical one , they are justified in the position of the workers , they are justified , let me tell you that they are economically positive , because what is to be a knowledge @-@ based economy without the involvement of workers ?
The vote on this oral question was unanimously adopted in my committee , as was agreed to the present draft resolution before us today .
I must add that the Liberal Group has tabled another proposal .
As we think the same thing as our Liberal friends , who voted in favour of the first resolution and , in particular , the question of my committee , we have a misunderstanding on our liberal friends .
This should not be a conflict . We will be able to regulate this because we have done so far with the liberals .
My Commissioners , we await your replies with impatience .
Mr President , Europe must bring about the need for economic restructuring and its social consequences by means of innovation and social cohesion by means of innovation and social cohesion .
Our positive and proactive response to change contains three important areas : improving our capacity , changes and changes to the Monitoring Centre in Dublin ; the creation of legal mechanisms in the event of restructuring , and generally promoting the welfare of workers , and the development of the social fabric of companies .
The creation of a monitoring centre for industrial change is one of the actions adopted at the Nice Summit on the development of an integrated approach to the development of an integrated approach to change .
In view of the current situation in relation to mergers and takeovers .
The Dublin Foundation has incorporated this initiative into its four @-@ year programme .
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation for 2001 , the work programme for 2001 only provides for the training of the Monitoring Centre .
In this way , the basis for the further development of the Monitoring Centre will be created , provided that additional funds are provided .
The stocks of redundancies and the transition from companies have been drawn up on massive redundancies and the transition to companies with a view to achieving full employment and further change .
Since then , the situation in the world has changed radically .
The provisions of these directives do not , therefore , meet the requirements of workers and employers .
Today , the emphasis on the promotion of flexibility , housing , employability , employability .
We can only overcome the weaknesses in the rules and the national systems of transport systems only more effectively if we are to achieve the most effective and lasting issue of economic and long @-@ term issues to achieve economic and long @-@ term certification in each company .
This is the objective of the Commission &apos; s proposal on information and consultation .
Once this general framework has been adopted , this general framework has only been implemented to lay down the specific provisions and the transition from companies , because , firstly , it would be possible to prevent crises in working relations in many cases .
If they do not , however , would be if they were not to be prevented , those who were left to the wayside in time and they would therefore be able to adapt to the changes to the changes in the employment situation .
I know that you fully support this approach and the Commission welcomes the fact that progress has been made in this sensitive area .
With your support and the political will of the Council , we should be able to put forward the proposal before the end of the year , which would be a significant step forward .
I also share your view that the directive on European Works Councils should sooner or later be updated .
However , we could have an evaluation of the extensive experience of the directive .
However , we have to take a few more practical measures , something which we are also concerned about .
First of all , we need to discuss the dossier on information and consultation .
At the end of last year , an important and long @-@ term document was adopted , namely the European company statute .
This is therefore worth noting in this context , because it is clear that a large number of monetary companies in Europe will be able to decide , in particular , in order to opt for these new economic and market conditions .
One of the most distinguished characteristics of this statute is the fact that there are far @-@ reaching rules on the involvement of workers , which are responsible for the implementation and consultation of the European Union .
This will undoubtedly contribute to greater awareness of the social dimension in Europe .
The adoption of the documents available to the European company has paved the way for five further legislative proposals for cooperatives , coaches and associations , and the draft directive on supranational mergers and the transfer of a registered plant in another Member State .
All these instruments require the same kind of provisions as to how they apply to European individuals .
That is another reason why we should wait for the revision of the directive on European Works Councils , which , moreover , can only benefit from the debates on these other dossiers .
These debates will undoubtedly make us easier to find solutions to the appropriate solutions which we will be discussing .
I know that the House is preparing information and hearing employees in relation to mergers and acquisitions .
As you know from what you have said in the past , we are discussing how we can improve these concerns .
According to the merger regulation , workers and workers &apos; representatives in some cases are now entitled to hearing the right to hearing the Commission &apos; s services , considering whether the merger is compatible with the provisions of the EC Treaty .
We have before us that this method should be extended .
Furthermore , we could remind ourselves of our responsibilities and obligations in relation to the hearing and duties of workers who are very frequently affected by these measures .
Taking social cohesion now on the main priorities in Europe , the responsibility cannot be properly judged by public opinion .
It is expected that the company is expected to make its contribution , such as any other part of society .
For example , the promotion of social responsibility is now an integral part of the European strategy for social cohesion .
It is a company responsible for a company if it is more profitable and profitable and its social responsibility will be guaranteed .
As a response to the Lisbon Summit , the Commission has included this issue in its social sense in June 2000 and emphasises that it is important to establish the social and economic consequences of economic and economic consequences and the conditions for workers &apos; requirements for the benefit of the new economy .
It has announced a communication , with the initiatives relating to social responsibility for companies and to control change .
Furthermore , the Commission is planning to submit a Green Paper this year to develop a framework for the social responsibility of companies at European level .
I would like to conclude by saying that we only have the cooperation between the various measures I have mentioned , and the contribution of public authorities , private organisations , workers and social partners at all levels , to find an adequate solution to the social consequences of industrial change and water structures .
Each individual of these measures is important and each individual requires a more rigorous and consistent approach from decision makers .
I know that you share this position and thank you for your support .
Ladies and gentlemen , I have received a motion for a resolution by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
Mr President , this is not exactly the time for this debate .
I am very satisfied with the reply by the Commissioner .
In my opinion , it contains a number of things in particular , especially when we draw up some interested parties in order to achieve what we are trying to achieve with this question .
Each restructuring is being discussed on whether or not our institutional structure is to be dealt with .
That too is understandable .
The EU Treaty , in particular , Article 136 , is the task of the Union .
There is , of course , a certain balance : the companies should have the freedom of opportunity to take advantage of the freedom of movement , which will guarantee their commercial growth and help to cope with the problem of structural unemployment in Europe .
On the other hand , there is a moral obligation to consult workers .
In this respect , I would like to mention a reference point in Germany .
If this is true , it will be possible to settle a number of more important problems if it is not the case .
Let us forget structural change with restructuring , which is currently taking place in other European countries , in which it is not so self @-@ evident that there is clear discrepancies in this respect .
This is why it is important that this issue should be put on the agenda as quickly as possible , preferably at the top of the presidency .
We do not want this question to be achieved .
As far as the motion for a resolution is concerned , Mr Rocard was quite right , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
However , there are still a number of amendments to emphasise how important it is to establish the companies as far as they are concerned .
This is implicitly included in the resolution , but not as a paper paper , as we would have liked it .
We therefore vote in favour of the resolution , subject to the amendments which may , of course , be discussed until Thursday .
Mr President , the Members of the House want to stop restructuring on this side of the House , but we are in a socially economical way .
We want a more proactive approach to economic restructuring and the change of change .
We are in the drawing up of a social responsibility , but it can only be reality if we have a fast and complete legal framework in this area .
We have a real partnership and the merits of the European Union .
But the recent United Kingdom and throughout the European Union shows that we are still far removed from this .
Frankly , the workers in the north @-@ east and Wales have to contend with workers in the north @-@ east corner and Wales , workers in North Africa and Holland , the idea of a social responsibility , as I said , in France , as I said earlier .
The promises to present a Green Paper in the middle of the year is not an adequate response to the despair of these workers , their families and entire communities .
We are calling for a review of legislation on redundancies and the transition from companies and the directive on European Works Councils , so that the directives are respected and not systematically undermined .
Furthermore , as soon as possible , we will be able to adopt the general framework on the consultation and informing the workers .
That is the only way to set up information and consultation in the structures of the negotiators , a partnership which can help improve innovation , competitiveness and productivity .
We want a real partnership .
We are sorry to have a directive from the other dependent on the pretext that the directive on European Works Councils can only be reviewed if more practical experience is made and the statute of the European negotiators in force .
Yes , there must be links , but we must adopt this package now and to find a general approach to the improvement and consultation of employees .
In our opinion , we could see a updating of framework legislation in this form , together with the new Monitoring Centre for industrial change , in order to achieve an anti @-@ industrial approach for industrial change in the European Union .
I would like to appeal to the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
The House has asked us in January to examine the problem of restructuring in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
We have done that .
We have asked an oral question and in the spirit of cooperation .
I would like to ask the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party in precisely this spirit of cooperation to withdraw its extremely liberal motion .
That would be helpful .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , do you not have the impression that this Parliament is suffering from an anti @-@ terrorist ?
We have had the same debate on 17 February last year .
I do not think that this is the case , but we would not have discussed this issue on 27 October 1999 , and the list could continue .
What needs Europe ?
In Lisbon , it was agreed that the Union should be competitive in the world , which is the world &apos; s economy , and this Parliament has supported this objective by an overwhelming majority .
On Thursday , we are therefore holding a debate on the implementation of the European research area and the necessary investments in research , technological development , innovation and education .
In addition , more than ever , it is the best way to competitiveness in companies , because if an organisation is not competitive , that is the loss of jobs .
From this point of view , it is inevitable that companies are based on restructuring and sometimes painful measures , as well as the treatment of workers , as well as the treatment of workers .
Naturally , the rights of workers are to be protected in the different EU directives .
You will understand that the ELDR Group does not agree with Mr Rocard and , as far as the present resolution of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs is concerned , because it demonstrates once again that the European Parliament has once again shown that the European Parliament has a rather selective memory .
Indeed , in the joint resolution , it is only through the agenda of the Nice social agenda that Lisbon is enforceable .
We will therefore submit some amendments in the spirit of the Lisbon objectives .
The e @-@ mail does not give a direct answer to Mr Rocard , but he is mistaken .
However , we will withdraw our motion for a resolution .
Mr President , in view of the recent examples for restructuring this issue , we could not have been able to meet the discussion of this issue .
As has already been mentioned , the previous Dutch figures have had a classic example of a company which will only be wasted in its decisions and is not wasted to the disastrous social effects of its actions and is not wasted .
In the UK , nearly 3 000 jobs have been announced in the UK , nearly 3 000 of whom come to my visit to Wales .
Despite countless times , the company was not prepared to be prepared to inform companies of the official closure on 1 February , the government and friends of their own workers on their plans .
A previous hearing of workers did not take place , despite the fact that the company was preparing a so @-@ called &quot; hearing &quot; .
According to speculation , Danone , Danone , the Danone report , a perfectly valued company , will spread to 3 000 jobs .
Even here too , there has been no lack of discussion about alternative solutions , yet discussions have been held on the alternative .
For this reason , the adoption of the directive on informing and consulting workers , as well as the revision of the directive on European Works Councils and the directive on European Works Rights , is not lost at any time .
We must not allow companies to operate so much with the lives of people and communities .
Conciliation procedures and sanctions are agreed for a final decision .
We must ensure that they are applied .
Mr President , in view of the restructuring and restructuring industry in industry , which generate thousands of jobs , many workers and citizens of Europe are in favour of the decision @-@ making process and even because of the rules of free competition .
It is high time that cross @-@ labelling workers should be trained .
There is a miracle contradiction between the Council and the Commission &apos; s priority of employment and the mass distribution of jobs in large companies , which , at the same time , damages forests .
Michelin , mutilation , Danone , ABB @-@ Alsthom companies .
It is competitive because they achieve more than sufficient profits but they are developing thousands of jobs .
The Danone case is 10 000 people in Europe , 3 000 people in Europe .
In 2000 , the European works achieved a flood of EUR 429 million , which are 17 % more than 1999 .
We can no longer tolerate this new mergers , women and men in the unemployment and desperation of the families in distress and desperation .
The male , which we are often talking about in this society , is a simple one , as long as workers are dependent on decisions , the future of their future and their own country .
How can it be accepted that companies , which are given the support of the public service , are not complying with the commitments that have been made ?
This aid should be used in such cases to the local community , which must pay for the social consequences of the financial profitability of employment at the expense of employment .
I do not think that the problem cannot be confined to employability and adaptability , as the Commissioner has done .
I therefore supported the proposals contained in the resolution and the amendments to clarify and strengthen certain aspects .
If we are to fulfil the democratic requirements of employees and citizens , further steps are required .
I believe that the extension of the rights to be taken by the end of the suspension of the planned redundancies and the end of the current road space must be continued .
Any educational clauses have to bear in mind .
Similarly , sanctions must be provided for non @-@ compliance with the existing directives .
At a time when much of the European identity and the appropriateness of their development are mentioned , I believe that a text which makes a certain number of employees &apos; rights in relation to the financial challenge that the Union is making to make a difference .
I shall therefore vote in favour of the resolution which , I hope , would be supplemented by a series of amendments .
I have received a motion for a resolution pursuant to Rule 42 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
As it is time for voting time , the debate will be adjourned ; it will resume at 3 p.m .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
Vote
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report without debate ( A5 @-@ 0021 / 2001 ) by Mr Dover , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the Commission &apos; s report on the impact of certain provisions of Directive 94 / 33 / EC on adult education ( 2000 ) on human beings ( 2000 ) &#93; - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2001 - EQUAL / 2002 ( COS ) )
Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) by Mr Zimeray , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request for lifting the immunity of Mr José e Castro ( 2000 / 4012 )
( Parliament adopted the proposal for a decision )
Recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system ( COD ) , Mr Savary , on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system ( COD ) .
( The President declared the common position approved )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a directive on the European Parliament and the Council to establish rules and omissions ( COM ( 2000 ) 219 - 2000 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( INI ) )
Before the vote on Amendment No 174 ( PSE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I propose an oral amendment to this amendment to replace the words &apos; professional qualifications &apos; by &apos; knowledge &apos; .
President .
Are there any comments ?
MacCormick ( Verts / ALE ) .
Mr President , the interpreters have translated the oral amendment as &apos; communitisation &apos; .
In the voting list , it is &apos; tittytainment &apos; .
&quot; user training &quot; is the correct word .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 ) by Mr Bakopoulos , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the report
The proposal for a European Parliament and Council regulation on safety of maritime transport ( COM ( 2000 ) and the amendment of the regulations on safety in maritime transport ( 2000 ) &#93; - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 0825 ( COD ) &#93; - 2000 / 0825 ( COD ) )
The proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on the safety of maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by ships ( COM ( 2000 ) &#93; - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 0825 ( COD ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation with measures to repair the Irish Sea ( ICES ( COM ) ( COM ( 2000 ) &#93; - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( COM / 2000 ) - 2000 / 2154 ( CNS ) )
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE- Own Report ( A5 @-@ 0029 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) In order to justify European aid , the rapporteur is addressing the difficult economic situation in Cambodia and on the implementation of the mine programmes required in the region , but it is very careful to avoid the serious responsibilities of the powers of the powers that have been taken , France and the United States .
If we were talking about a simple , explicit help of Europeans as a result , it would be our support for years and destruction in these two countries .
This is why we abstained from these reports .
Dover report ( A5 @-@ 0194 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) The United Kingdom has accepted the implementation of the regulation on cutting working hours and the night work of young people .
The Commission and the report propose to end this derogation .
You could have been pleased to see that the UK is now being applied in the world of the world , which will give young people more protection in the workplace .
In fact , the full agreement that has been reached between the Conservatives and Labour , liberals and Social Democrats on the basis of this transitional period , the fact that the report itself is sufficient to ensure that the necessary flexibility is sufficient to ensure that the necessary flexibility is maintained and that it does not take the line of employment for young people . &quot;
This proves that this regulation cannot be evaded by the European institutions , but that even its application for young people is not protecting the business business .
We have therefore voted against this report .
- ( FR ) Unfortunately , the position of the British young people will hardly be improved by adopting this resolution .
Because of the scandal of the UK derogation , the UK derogation does not take any account of the directive &apos; s health and young people &apos; s needs , taking account of the needs of children &apos; s child and young people .
Instead , this debate would have to be given the opportunity to make changes to the changes to be made in order to remove all the possible exceptions which they are striving for .
In any event , the fact is that the young people of 14 or even 13 years have no form of work ( Article 4 ( 3 ) , in addition to their school obligations ( Articles 8 ( b ) or during the holidays ( Article 8 ) .
Similarly , the derogation , according to which young people , more than 40 % per week , should work more than 40 per week ( Articles 8 ( 5 ) or even at night ( 1 ) or even at night ( 3 ) .
There is no justification for setting up any restriction on public or work in a family in a family , paragraph 2 ( 2 ) .
It is not enough to condemn child labour in Asia or Africa if we are not to protect child labour and to protect the health , safety and development of the environment , and not recognised , and not recognised , by imposing independent training .
- I support Mr Dover &apos; s report , which is to improve the improvement of the working conditions of young people in Britain .
The report states that the United Kingdom is complying with the provisions of a directive dating from 1994 to eight hours per week and 40 hours per week , while it is restricted to night flights , even though certain conditions and certain types of employment are specified .
Employment and the economy in particular is of paramount importance for our young people and our economy .
We should not do anything about what the employment prospects of young people in Britain could harm .
Sometimes , however , workers use their young workers , but they do not have a clear reason to work longer .
Over @-@ time and difficult working conditions are causing very serious risks and can cause serious harm to the health and productivity of our young people .
It is therefore essential that we monitor working hours and prevent employers from being prevented from young people .
Independence is harmful and irresponsible .
We must stop trying to prevent them and protect our young people against the exploitation and impact of labour @-@ related employers .
There are already legislation governing the reduction of working time for young people .
We need to ensure that they are respected .
In order to achieve this , the sensible action which the Commission has proposed should be .
I do not think it is a certain irony that those who struggle against the interference of Brussels bureaucrats and putting this system refused to support this report on social policy .
Once again this makes it clear to Europe .
The Labour Government has a whole commitment to creating jobs for young people and for measures to protect them .
I urge the House to support the protection of young people in Britain and to vote for this report .
Savary report ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for this report on the promotion of railway infrastructures in Europe , because a European railway system is an important goal for the Union .
Before travelling to Strasbourg , I am forced to vote in favour of a number of pensioners , for this report under the chairmanship of Mr Hatzidakis , and she said that we want to travel with the train by Europe and we want to travel to the train by Europe .
That is why we want to see our heads of work , inflammatory , restaurants and television .
The Union can and must give us this .
Mr Hatzidakis will allow this to happen . &quot;
Mr President , in the context of the forthcoming accession of Central and Eastern European countries , the rail transport rail transport rail transport network is an ever larger role , and it is therefore necessary to link national networks into a single European network .
An important step towards a trans @-@ European rail system is the distribution of the specifications which have been set by the various railway companies .
Another important step step is to create the establishment of water systems in the less favoured or remote regions .
In addition to the development of infrastructure , the opportunity will also be to bring together the internal market and benefit from this .
( FR ) With regard to closer doping , I strongly welcome the report by the Council without amendments , because this common position contains a common position , because this common position contains 33 amendments at first reading .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that the future of European transport is essential to the railways of Europe .
As has already been pointed out , the investment established within the Union by rail is still dependent heavily on national situations .
Clearly , these national differences are a considerable obstacle to the development of the transport sector in Europe , which is a considerable obstacle to the development of rail transport in Europe .
At the same time , the creation of the single market has led to a considerable increase in the volume of traffic in the European Union , but , in particular , road transport has been abolished .
There are many reasons for the decline in the railways , among others , the fact that these are based on national lines .
There is no single market at Community level for railway services .
What is more , the railway systems are not always in complete agreement with the railway industry and the institutional organisation of activity and , as well as the changes that are emerging .
In addition , it is clear that the future of European transport in any case requires the rapid regeneration of the railway sector .
If I have noted this , then I am convinced that the railways will play a central role in solving the European Union &apos; s response .
The people of Europe are suffering from pollution , traffic traffic problems and traffic congestion , resulting from the excessive dependence on road dependence over the past 30 years .
The aim of sustainable mobility is therefore closely linked to revitalising rail .
I would also like to welcome the fact that the European Parliament has succeeded in proposing amendments aimed at achieving better social provisions , such as professional qualifications and the conditions for housing and safety at work .
Some aspects have also been taken into account by the Council , with regard to the protection of the existing railway system , the adoption of a derogation or the definition of special cases concerning the situations of those countries which are excluded from the rest of the Community , or in relation to the differences .
The Council &apos; s common position is also realistic because it contains a thorough work programme and takes account of the problems resulting from enlargement in the railway sector .
For all these reasons , I voted for the Savary report .
- ( FR ) We have voted in favour of this report because the interoperability of trans @-@ European rail systems must be promoted .
At present , it has been achieved by its brave world @-@ wide and must become new .
At the same time , we need to shift more transport to rail transport in order to export the road .
However , behind the rapporteur &apos; s commendable objectives for the revitalisation of the railway sector , the spectre of liberalisation is a spectre of liberalisation , because the report also aims towards opening up transport and transport systems and to promote the competitiveness of the railways as a whole .
On this point , we have grave reservations because we reject the liberalisation principle .
- ( FR ) Overall , if we really find ourselves in a competitive situation in terms of trade policy , railway infrastructures must be brought to justice in Europe .
I can only agree with the rapporteur on this point .
In addition , it seems to me that the inclusion of social standards , professional qualifications and the conditions for housing and safety at work in the process of setting up trans @-@ European rail systems .
In my opinion , however , it is important to ensure that harmonisation is based on the basis of the urban service , not the expense of the users and employees of the sector .
However , there is a dangerous lack of clarity : what framework should we achieve the interoperability of the railway networks ?
In the framework of Europe &apos; s public service services , the market is responsible as a guarantee of qualified , qualified @-@ qualified jobs and the quest for a market ?
The adoption of the three directives of the Rail Package by Parliament and the Council can take account of the future of the trans @-@ European rail system in this second perspective .
Van Dam report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , what did I mean in order to vote in favour of Mr Van Dam &apos; s report on the safe handling and unloading directives of the world ?
In this case , I was listening to the Fatuzzo affair .
I say &quot; Do you not know what you are going to know , as you are not aware , and perhaps even at sea .
My colleague , Mr Martin &apos;Alba , who has not spoken , but could have said : &quot; You are told : &quot; You are told : &quot; You , I am returning to the sea , for years .
I have read this report , but I must read it , Mr Fatuzzo , in your capacity as a Member of the European Parliament , as a Member of the European Parliament , that the ships are starting to go on .
Similarly , the old and no longer ships should be expected to be trained in order to be safer . &quot;
Now I do not know whether I would like to thank the Members or the Fatuzzo Fatuzzo .
- ( FR ) Overall , in the last few days , other ships are still in a terrible state of imports .
This may perhaps have less dramatic consequences than it is , but it is unfortunate that , in the last ten years , there was a tragedy of reappearing within the last ten years .
With our voting in favour of the report , we have voted in favour of the specific measures to strengthen safety of copyright and cabin crews .
We would emphasise , however , that there is a contradiction between the concerns of security and those concerned with the dangers highlighted in the report by the main dangers highlighted in the report .
When it comes to trying to protect the profit @-@ making and passengers of teachers , we inevitably need safety at the wayside .
It is a good thing that the possibility of giving the opportunity to put an end to the ability to put the ship or the ship does not seem to be dangerous for their owners or the ship .
It would be foolish , however , to be aware that , in the light of competition and profit @-@ making laws , competition laws , including the labour market ( including the labour market ) , is that the theoretical option is to take place in the light of the money , which is not just a case of the money which is causing dangerous or sometimes even lethal conditions to be confiscated .
In ten years &apos; time , nearly 150 casualties have been lost and 800 people have died .
This is the disastrous outcome of one of the laws of competition and the laws of the market .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that the physical state and lack of education of flight crews are the main reason for these disasters .
It is therefore essential that the reception of ships and flight labelling should be destroyed at the top of the ships and flight safety and living conditions .
That is why I support all the binding measures to strengthen safety standards , safety systems and the responsibility of ports and equipment .
However , the human and financial conditions must be created in order to enforce the legal provisions in Member States , especially by increasing the number of displaced persons .
Furthermore , the fight against the maritime content of the sea and impunity requires more responsibility for the maritime sector , and to give greater responsibility to the opportunities for legal and financial penalties .
I will vote for all proposals that are in this direction .
Bakopoulos report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Of course , I have no choice with regard to the issue of safety at sea for this report by Mr Bakopoulos on the establishment of the Committee on maritime transport and the prevention of pollution by ships .
This time , by e @-@ mail , I had one of my obsessions in the time allotted to me when I spoke in the age of 21 of 21 years , i.e. my political activity , which I have just spoken about .
This man called for me to say that , in the European Parliament , he said that your concerns are , in the European Parliament , with security in maritime pollution and in conflict prevention ?
It is good , but do you intend to tell you of the safety of us ? &quot;
&quot; But surely , I replied .
&quot; possessions only patience and there are reports which concern &quot; .
- ( FR ) The rapporteur &apos; s proposal to establish a &apos; Committee on Transport &apos; to establish a &apos; Committee on Transport and the prevention of marine pollution &apos; which has been existing in so far as the existing committees are supposed to be a step towards a renationalisation of Community policy in the area of maritime safety , but also new possibilities to improve the implementation of Community application at Community and international level .
Nevertheless , the recent accidents of the Erika and the road users bear witness to the fact that the best resolutions are not possible unless the best resolutions are applied and implemented .
This is why the Member States must be forced to apply existing legislation , especially those in the area of the prevention of marine pollution , the monitoring of education and training equipment for sportspersons and working conditions .
These are improvements in the number and the quality of checks and the checks , but also to greater financial responsibility , the need to boost all operators , consumers , customers and classification societies .
I voted in favour of the report in the area of maritime transport and genetic engineering .
Nicholson report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I would like to ask the Fatuzzo of Mr Fatuzzo , as I am not referring to the issue of cod , i.e. cod .
I will leave the interpreters at this time to abandon this important and firm explanatory statement in other languages .
Today , 13 February , and tomorrow is St. Valentine &apos; s day .
We simply have to pay tribute to the ability of the European Parliament to pay tribute to the ability of the European Parliament to take the evolution of the Irish Sea in the Irish Sea , a directive on the recruitment of additionality in the Irish Sea , with 30 April , in order to facilitate the destruction of this type of repair .
With regard to the care of the fish and in particular , the European Parliament has done a good job .
A greencard on the floor on the floor and on the road !
And on the road !
That concludes the vote .
( The sitting was suspended at 11.10 a.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
Company and mergers in industry ( continuation )
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the Commission &apos;s initiatives on the social effects of restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , Mr Representative of the Commission , the Charter of Fundamental Rights has been a great step towards the development of the citizens of Europe , and I would like to see a great deal of thanks from Mr Méndez de Vigo , who has repeatedly been replaced by the President of the Spanish Government in the convention on drawing up the Charter of drafting the Charter .
I think that this is the European Parliament .
The creation of a social Europe in this long process seems to me to be the big challenge and the opportunity to be lost .
However , this building will be a specific time when it comes to certain economic , social and political factors .
The Lisbon Summit decided to liberalise the markets for telecommunications , gas , electricity and transport .
We are in a process of general globalisation and the economy of the industrial and labour market .
And we can ask ourselves ?
Both Nice and the social agenda also stressed the need for workers to take account of the need for workers to change management and prevent security and flexibility in terms of economic growth and environmental consequences .
The aspect of globalisation must therefore not forget the importance of certain companies in certain regions , such as Galicia , where I come from myself , where they are the only or most important ones , where they are the only or most important ones , and where the risk of globalisation would not affect guarantees in the families of the families .
Secondly , economic competitiveness and healthy society should not be held on board , but must be forced into lists .
Thirdly , the industrial restructuring in the widest sense of the word &quot; restructuring in the widest sense &quot; , which is perhaps acceptable and inevitable , to take account of the social consequences of this restructuring , which must be prevented , because the economic and economic action of the Community must have a high level of employment .
Fourthly and lastly , the national aid of the Community should be linked to a long @-@ term level of employment , customs and regional and regional development .
These four points are only a few points of concern or considerations , the Commission and the Council in relation to industrial restructuring .
Of course , it is in fact linked to the participation of the telecommunications industry and employees &apos; representatives .
The globalisation of globalisation , Mr President , is decreasing .
We must ensure that social differences are not increasing .
Mr President , Commissioner , it is because there is no miracle restructuring on the basis of restructuring in industry , those who are becoming bogged down on concentration of conduct .
You have gone into the technological backwardness and the telecommunications sector , but never their social consequences .
What do we have contributed to the cultural divide of people and regions ?
How can it be the price , and what costs do they actually have ?
How much more than 40 years are they responsible for long @-@ term people over 40 years ?
What extent do they take to ensure that the real growth in the European Union between growth and sub @-@ election is concerned ?
The Lisbon decisions should be given to these points by means of employment , the sustainability of social protection and the fight against social exclusion and the protection of economic change as well as economic change .
We do not know how much they help to increase the cost of social security , and we know how many other people will depend on the world .
Who will pay for social restructuring ?
The market or the distribution of workers ?
It is impossible and a balanced and balanced change .
The social partners tell us not that they have just signed a document on the implementation of the guiding principle of European society in relation to information and consultation .
Commissioner , we have already heard the market that the market is not generally follows and that political forces , institutional action and social dialogue must intervene .
There is a growing social uncertainty and increasing crime in society by means of the traditional economy and the so @-@ called economy .
The Portuguese , French , French and now the Swedish Presidency have a great deal of sympathy with it until now .
But the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 is not recognised in the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 .
Mr President , nothing justifies the fact that large companies in the field of mergers or restructuring are part of their workforce on the roads , while a small proportion of their profit has led to a low proportion of their profit .
The total failure , the Danone , the Danone , oil , oil and advertising , to take advantage of their own workers , who are committed to unemployment , is the most sensitive nature of these companies , as well as the regions who are often working on the ground .
We are opposed to political signals which justify the political concepts in this House and elsewhere .
That only shows that it does not represent the interests of society , but only those who are dominant industrial and industrial industries and their owners and shareholders .
However , we are also opposed to those who are complaining about the social consequences of this restructuring , but not the slightest binding measure to prevent them .
In addition to the ban on banning any ship @-@ generated companies , the profits are only disputed .
We are assure the workers of those companies who oppose measures to combat them .
They have chosen the right course of the jungle in which the jungle of the jungle exists .
Mr President , this morning , Mrs Plooij @-@ Van Gorsel made her surprise , her surprise and their concern that we are frequently dealing with this problem and ask ourselves why we are dealing with this issue and ask why we continue to do so .
Community legislation is inadequate ; it will not be taken into account in many cases or in many cases .
We could have done , as some Members have done , a long list of the issues raised in the last few years .
In Lisbon , the European Council has set the objective of promoting an increase in employment and better employment .
How can the objective of a competitive Union be achieved with greater and better jobs ?
Greater coordination and balance between the different policies of the Union , but there is no doubt that the relevant Community legislation must be more effective and more restrictive .
That is why we cannot wait for any longer - and in this spirit the Commission must assume that a review of the directives on the establishment of a European army , collective redundancies or the transition from companies , should be made without expressly effective penalties for the case of their failure to comply with their failure .
The European Parliament cannot continue to adopt such a stance .
Mr President , on 2 February , a fortnight ago , it seemed to me that a fifth @-@ fifth of the worker was entitled to adopt a fifth @-@ class worker .
It was then written to read on the evenings .
The accident with which I cannot show you - and I cannot show you - was almost unpleasant . On the contrary , I have been told that , on the contrary , it was almost embarrassing : on the contrary , we have seen a deception which shows that the profits made by Wales have risen after these redundancies , which shows that the profits have risen .
That is fine news for us .
In this way , what is the basic question : what are we actually doing today ?
Are companies only dependent on profits or see their mandate in a dry context ?
In the Netherlands , the Economic and Monetary Union has made two important observations : once again , the issue of the word &apos; untreated &apos; and sales of people &apos; s name &quot; and to appeal to people &apos; s participation in local companies has taken place .
The Economic and Monetary Union is expressly responsible for making a company in general , and that is why it is not clear that a return to the shareholders , which is why it is not so much a return to the shareholders , is , in other words , an increase in the return for the shareholders , which , in fact , is obvious in many restructuring .
In the debate at European level , I do not find this much more rigorous vision and this debate .
Once again , the European Parliament will raise the issue again , but it should also be integrated into other policies of the Union .
In my opinion , there is a lack of coherence and coherence .
I have two examples .
As far as the consumer is concerned , quite apart from the point of view of the shareholders .
For example , this has been demonstrated by the discussion on the 13 directive on the 13 directive , which Mr Bolkestein rejected the amendments of the European Parliament .
Another example is that we find ourselves in competition policy .
Commissioner Monti asked us in our Committee on Employment and Social Affairs to understand that it is only under the point of view of the markets and consumers and not on the basis of a wider vision of this kind .
A Green Paper on voters in the United States is not enough , as was announced this morning .
Instead , the Commission should ensure that an integrated approach is being developed , which is also an impact on individual policies .
Maybe papers may be allowed to bring some momentum to the day , not politicians and political decision makers .
Mr President , as has already been said by honourable Members , some directives have been adopted in time , and the changes have been made very slowly .
We need changes to specific aspects of the institutional framework .
However , the Commission &apos; s efforts to establish a balance between competitiveness and social cohesion should also be recognised .
Major restructuring , mergers or acquisitions are often tragic consequences .
Only recently we had to see how much more than 5 000 jobs have been lost within a month of time .
But if we look at the whole world , i.e. the environment , where European companies are concerned , we must also bear in mind the negative consequences without reorganisation and restructuring if European companies were not actively involved .
We must continue to see how many jobs are given , because if there is no restructuring , there would be a risk that certain industries in the future would disappear totally .
In this extremely difficult environment , our efforts , social cohesion and competitiveness , will be combined with four points .
The first is the anticipation .
The contribution made this morning was how we are trying to bring about changes to the Dublin Foundation , to summarise what we are trying to do .
The second point is the legislative framework and institutional framework .
This year , there was a remarkable development of the legislative framework in the European company statute and the five following directives which have supplement the institutional framework for this statute , and the directive on information and hearing of employees took place after years after the Council and the Commission , after years of discussions .
We are convinced that the commitment of the Swedish and Belgian presidencies will be made important in the legislative framework .
However , it has to be said that legislation alone is not enough , and that is why it has made huge efforts to strengthen controls .
In cooperation with Commissioner Monti , we are responding to all mergers and acquisitions , the strict application of the information provided by employees in the directives .
This institutional framework has also recently formed a Commission whose key ground is on key issues , including social dialogue and the role of a more flexible approach to mergers and restructuring .
The third point is specific policies .
The employment strategy and the financing arrangements by the Social Fund can be met by the Social Fund and the financing of jobs in the labour market , with special structures for supporting their workforce in the labour market or by means of their own businesses .
The fourth point is the role of companies with their social responsibility , and this is one of the new tenets of the social agenda .
We demand changes to labour , change in a new environment , training in a new environment , training and mobility , but we cannot demand that we should not only demand workers .
Therefore , in this new environment , we also have a new role to play , and we are trying to define the social responsibility of companies very specifically .
This is a question of restructuring , but also for their responsibilities in the environment and in society where they are working , a second step will be established in the institutional field .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon .
copyright in the information society
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive is regulating copyright and the neighbouring rights enshrined in the information society .
This is an important , complex directive .
Today , Parliament asked for the Council &apos; s position on the Council &apos; s position , as you will recall , 18 months after the adoption of first reading .
This is the difficult and delicate compromise which has been overcome between all the directives .
I find this compromise as a step forward , even because many of Parliament &apos; s amendments have been incorporated at first reading .
However , some aspects have been improved , and I have tried to improve the report .
In spite of the adoption of certain compromise groups in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , there are still disagreements , particularly with regard to the article on technical auditors , the so @-@ called &quot; distribution criteria &quot; and via private compensation compensation .
A number of amendments have been tabled on this point , which I disagree with .
The reason why the compromise adopted in committee on private copies is therefore an important innovation in the committee , and I quote , &quot; Due to a natural person &apos; s non @-@ private material , and I quote , &quot; Due to a natural person &apos; s private or commercial purposes , that it should be based on a fair balance .
This amendment seeks to introduce a new principle in Community legislation whereby the concept of private insurance safeguards will be restricted to the advantage incurred and , at the same time , protecting the legitimate interests of consumers .
The amendment adopted by the Committee adopted by the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Transport and trout , is designed to curb the exchange of labour , such as elephants , which will no longer be spent on the roads between buyers and users .
I believe that this is a step forward towards the text of the common position .
As far as the other aspect of the other aspect is concerned , the balance reached in the common position is more than sufficient , in my opinion , to protect both business and consumers .
All on this issue - Article 5 , Amendment No 5 , Amendment No 1 , could not be taken into account despite the intention to extend the protection of copyright , even because it does not affect the latter .
In addition , these amendments aim to introduce a system of recuperation of environmental works for the Internet , i.e. the approval of the monitoring system for the Internet , which is difficult to implement and to implement the performance of the networks .
All in all , during the vote in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , we agreed to reach a broad consensus , the directive and the common position towards improving the common position , which will prevent us from having a long and permanent conciliation and , after three years , the debate , the dispute and debate .
This is an opportunity for the European Parliament to take this opportunity to support the agreement reached in the Legal Affairs Committee , and the compromise reached in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market will be able to vote in favour of this directive .
This will not only be for the European Union , which has been for a long time now for this area , but also and above all for the benefit of the environment .
In fact , the directive will not only come up with the directive as a result of more controversial derogations , but also in particular the provision of Article 2 to enter into force in the new digital sector .
For all these reasons , I hope that we will finally be able to approve the text of the directive tomorrow .
Mr President , I should like to start by declaring an interest in this issue in relation to this issue .
First of all , I am the author of some books and his possession of family rights rights , and I am a member of the Internet which has been set in this Parliament .
This day is an important event with regard to copyright in the information society , i.e. the executive of the Court of Justice , the Court of Justice of the Pensioners &apos; Court of Justice , which will bring us closer to the unfortunate question of the use of the Internet for the violation of copyright .
The law of San Suu Kyi confirms the right to intellectual property and provides special measures to protect intellectual property law in the United States .
We must be able to create a system for the safeguard of intellectual property in Europe , because otherwise it might be possible to ensure that , in Europe , the protection of protective measures is being violated in Europe , which is currently being implemented over the past two years .
As compared with the United States , we are behind the United States , and I agree with the rapporteur that this directive should be rapid to progress .
It is the main concern of the Socialist Group that the child will not be with the bathwater .
We have tabled two extremely important amendments in our view .
The first amendment relates to the proposed amendment .
The electoral situation , which is a traditional right @-@ wing extremist right of every person , is intellectual property and a intellectual property , now in the information society , which is extremely simple in the information society .
The purpose of this amendment is to ensure that those responsible for those who are spoiled , otherwise we are going to danger that the popularity of accounts is going to take many pictures for individuals other than those who engage in the production of their homes .
Another important amendment relates to the time limit and additional nature of production .
If the basis of the information society is a copy of additional and more productive nature , this temporary nature ought to be a copy of this temporary nature .
It is not the case that we create large corporations with clever property , so that the person who used to be used at a certain time of this sort of power could be protected .
We believe that the inclusion of the requirements of the definition of intellectual property and additionality is essential to the preservation of intellectual property law .
I hope that , in tomorrow &apos; s votes , the various groups will be able to provide a few and alternatives to the protection of intellectual property law in the information society , because intellectual property will probably only be hidden into the vast quality of mobile communications .
Mr President , first of all , congratulations for Mr Wulf @-@ Mathies and his approach to this issue .
It was a delicate subject in which he had to go very carefully and to draw up a more balanced text , and I feel that it has succeeded in a more balanced text .
I would also like to see this issue - and perhaps we , as a Parliament , look at one of the issues which went back to me in the short time of my visit to this House .
If I were able to return to this report , I have been able to influence this report on 300 pages of this report , that is to say a half people per parliamentarians , and there may be some concerns .
It would be to be welcomed if the common position was adopted by Mr Bowe tomorrow .
However , in the view of the Liberal Group , there are still some Member States , but I have understood that , as a whole , we have a positive position , and this is certainly good .
Some other points have already been mentioned by Mr Zavvos and Mr Medina .
I have to look at whether the flow of oil is sufficient to be insufficient , as I have to read as a lawyer , because I am in favour of the intellectual property as a lawyer in my woodcutter &apos; s long term .
I have to see whether it is possible today to ensure that a copy @-@ marking system is restored before his borders and offer a copy which can be used by all these students .
I doubt that this is a bad thing , because it would be appropriate to do so .
I am therefore in favour of temporary purposes for private purposes .
I have also reservations about the technical measures which can be introduced by the Member States .
I fear that this will lead to distortions in the internal market and , ultimately , the Court of Justice will have to decide on the matter on the matter .
I still have problems in the present form .
In my opinion , there is only one connection with the directive on electronic commerce and we hope that the Commissioner will be able to adopt this issue again .
On behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I hope that , in the present directive , we will be able to find a balance between all the actors and all those involved in the present directive , and digital service should be a copy of the kind of opportunity and not as a threat .
Mr President , I would like to thank all the honourable Members who have worked constructively on behalf of the Commission and the rapporteur , Mr Stasi .
There are many problems , many of them still left left .
We cannot simply harmonise the cultural traditions .
It is a compromise which will certainly be happy and the European Parliament does not have any toilets .
We are talking about a common position .
There is a balance between whom : between the haves and the public interest .
First of all , I think that this is the view of the Greens and the Greens must become stronger in the world .
He has to serve the world .
Its position must be strengthened in the future .
First of all , my responsibility is to allow and ensure that these practices are restored and to ensure that , as a result , and secondly , I do not know in the order of the order , but , secondly , we must ensure that public opinion is made available not only to guarantee a free flow of work but also to ensure that public @-@ quality content is made available .
We are opposed to an extension of the defence process , and perhaps we may perhaps be controversial for some points which are still controversial under the parties because we are also interested in a successful solution that we can all live .
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the Greens are limited to amendments which are solely concerned with the authors and deal with it - that is to say the two Amendments Nos 34 and 36 - that would be a reflection on the future treaties .
Now , I would now like to go too much to say : there are many drawbacks in the text of the recitals which are not in favour of the authors but the others .
Then , as has also been mentioned , Europe has already been talking about whether Europe wants to have a single European side or not , and then a debate would be on an annual table between service providers , producers and consumers .
However , I do not wish to see the Napster with a neutral approach to the way in which the path to Europe is to be preserved .
That too is a possibility we should debate .
In the future , and I hope that we will be able to discuss a situation in which I hope , together , we will be able to discuss a situation in which we can discuss a matter of urgency and we will also have an opportunity to discuss a situation in which the Treaties will be debated .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , if I refer to this question of the directive on the harmonisation of copyright , which is mainly a list of derogations , I would like to come to the end of the day : simply the principle of protecting the environment has decided to reflect on this issue .
The clarification is that there are three main points in this directive : the authors of the authors and authors : consumers , who are also users of origin , and the producers and the producers .
Producers and consumer services are trying to react between the two others , and the directive , in itself , provides a list of derogations with regard to the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
I have the impression that the consumer has benefited from this point of view .
But what is to use ?
I ask you what we will be going to use in the foreseeable future if we do not protect and defend it .
That is the question which we can ask ourselves .
As a Member of my work , I am also in favour of both sides of libraries , including the users of libraries and entrepreneurship .
In both cases , certain systems are protected and safety systems , not need to be able to produce water .
If I am lucky about the vicissitudes of the markets , I am surprised that this is a very bad thing to defend the Europe of the markets , in the final analysis of the market , because it does not want to pay for the use of derogations , which would not allow them to pay free of charge .
You will admit that this is astonishing .
We are also not dealing with the conditions of production of these goods ; the authors of the flavour are necessary .
I do not know what the authors of the authors have said , I do not know what you want to sell or use , but , in any case , the Europe of the markets will not be good .
So much such as the markets .
If you look at the directive in more detail with regard to the directive , it will be noted that what we have just had to say is that what we were talking about in the case of an hour was tantamount to what was broadcast on television .
It is amazing for someone who looks at history . It is amazing if there is a lot of talk about this .
What are we going to do when it is to be executed if we are recovering from these conditions , which means that culture , cultural diversity , does not affect the heritage of heritage , based on the content of what has really been said of settlements and maternity , but living in the process ?
We need to do so if we want to support or not support it .
And to support the support of the Compensation Fund , we must strengthen copyright , but not criticised and criticise .
This is what my Group wants to defend in tomorrow &apos; s vote .
Mr President , the report on copyright and the information society , which is so widely established , is an edifying one for the growing decay of a Community system , its only driving power in reality , in reality to complete a market , which is not a service for no favours .
While the damage caused by this system is obvious , it is clear that there is less protection than the Member States - I am referring to examples - and I am referring to examples of examples - the Commission and the Council to make all the cultural services available to goods , as Mrs Fraisse has just explained .
It is completely illogical that the institutions of this European Union are at the moment , at the moment , to become embroiled in an economic and competitive globalisation .
That is why I think we are trying to prevent the process of speeding up a process which will deprive the European idea totally of its content and its objective .
I hope that the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market will reject the traditions of this House , as Mrs Fraisse quite rightly pointed out - to defend the diversity of Europe &apos; s capital and the special role of the authors of the European civilisation .
The information society is only a pretext for making it possible for us to prove that the intellectual and spiritual property of the spiritual property , the spiritual property of the world .
Mr President , copyright is in the domain of two interests , the interest of the authors , the producers and systems , and , on the other hand , the consumer &apos; s interest is in the interests of consumers .
It could be said that consumer interest is a social interest in the interests of knowledge , knowledge and cultural interests , rather than suppress financial interests .
Of course , and must , be given a reasonable economic bet , but I have to give you an adequate economic bet and the popular movement which I represent .
One is guaranteeing the interest of the public and consumers to use knowledge and culture .
Denmark - the country which I come from - has developed a very good achievement which cannot be affected .
The second point is that systems to investigate and implement sanctions which are developed in the legal cultures of different countries , must not be affected .
We have a special system , and I do not believe that it will be damaged .
I have been able to say that I rarely have been so hard in prison as to this proposal , and this is not surprising .
We are talking about billions of tune and euros in a system which is being destroyed by the American entertainment industry , and a sector which is dominated by the American entertainment industry .
In addition , the fact that the most difficult legal basis is to be found in the light of copyright is almost incomprehensible in the light of intellectual property .
I cannot imagine that , more than one per cent of this House , there is a very long @-@ term idea of the problem in reality .
Against this background , it is interesting and remarkable that the proposal is so balanced and I would like to recommend my group vote in favour of this .
Mr President , as the first speaker of my group , I would like to express my appreciation for the rapporteur , who work closely with him .
We welcome the determination to uphold the balance of this directive .
As the rapporteur has said , we will be able to present the compromise which we have tabled in our committee , which is the correct directive .
Nobody keeps saying that it was complete .
It should be stressed .
It was already quite difficult to find common ground in view of different national traditions and derogations .
For example , there are countries where there are countries where contributions are made on the ground and vegetables .
We support the concerns of this directive because we are mainly concerned about the new creative capability to use this new technology .
This directive contributes and is stimulate .
It guarantees the assurances that they can create new works and guarantee fair traceability .
At the same time , consumers expect the existing rights to be used to use their existing rights , to use access to new posts , if they are to be protected , and that they are polluted or obstacles .
We managed to strike a balance .
On the other hand , in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , we are not so keen that this would be a final solution .
We urgently have to recommend a review of this directive after 18 months .
We must take responsibility in this world @-@ wide world responsibility for our work , but at the same time it will be prepared to change the circumstances .
This is an extremely important instrument which we have made more emphasis .
We want to make the directive as quickly as possible .
This shows that the Legal Affairs Committee is very responsible for this .
We are now looking for implementation as quickly as possible .
Why is we as quickly as possible to implement it as quickly as possible ?
Because this is the European Union &apos; s ability to join the Treaty of Fundamental Rights , and this would , in turn , give the protection of the rights of the disabled an important global dimension .
A truly incredible price which we should ensure as quickly as possible .
Mr President , thank you for giving me the floor , although I am not yet submitting a book , although I have not read a lot of book .
The protection of intellectual property law has always been a concern of the European Union , the European Parliament , because we know that it only guarantees that culture is a flourishing and economic production .
It would have been possible for the European Parliament to have a copy of the European Parliament .
It is not !
The first time we are seeing is that protected intellectual property is reduced .
The approval of the European Parliament !
We are witnessing the fact that the European Parliament has just one objective .
According to 18 months , meeting in the Council , we will have to go very quickly .
After 18 months , meeting the Council !
And then the Council &apos; s unanimity &apos; unanimously &apos; is &apos; unanimously &apos; , and it is then the outcome of what is happening so often that there is so many talk .
Once again , Parliament will be invited to change this .
Then Parliament will be superfluous .
I have never seen the fact that Members of their governments and parties have been put very hard under pressure .
But when the Council , the governments of the Council and Parliament , we do not need Parliament .
Parliament has its own responsibility and it must be fair .
The common position has weakened the rights of the authors of the authors .
I would like to ask the authors of the authors and want to ask Parliament to restore these rights at least .
Mr President , Commissioner , I believe that many quite varied has been quite varied as Mr Harbour requested a revision of the directive in the 18 months .
Are we going to go into the whole situation ?
I think that would be a little quicker .
Ladies and gentlemen , everything has already been said about the directive .
That is why it is not quite easy to take the floor now .
I would like to thank our wonderful rapporteur , however .
I would also like to emphasise that the official line of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party was equal in the first reading than that of the world .
We therefore believe that the common position should be amended mainly .
At first reading , we were concerned about the fact that the majority of Parliament will have the role of the Internet to create a system which would also lead to the Internet , which would make it clear in Europe .
These days , and partly in the textile sector , the results of the World Solidarity Organisation are published , partly in the sun .
It can be borne in the material of the equipment , while they are paid for in excess of 3 million people .
That is a protection of copyright .
But is this the dissemination of science and knowledge ?
Where is the right balance ?
I think we should think about this if we take a position on the directive .
I would also like to point out once again that the official position of our group is now the official position of our Group .
The common position is a delicate compromise which should not be a trivial one , because otherwise we would not be signing the signing of the WIPO Treaty , which is the most important thing .
Mr President , I feel it is a great honour to take part in this debate .
I am somewhat disappointed that she is partly in a negative and negative way .
We must not forget that the new media have managed to accelerate interaction between man and the idea of human beings .
There is , of course , the reason for a legitimate concern about protecting copyright copyright in today &apos; s time .
However , the protection of these rights must not lead to the fact that people , teaching or scientists have access to access and use of documents that are subject to copyright .
We have repeatedly referred to the importance of the equilibrium between the interests of the producer and consumers , and this equilibrium must be addressed .
Unless we do not have this balance within the Union , then we could have the serious consequences for the whole of the Internet and similar media democratic transparency .
Take , for example , an inappropriately @-@ disproportionate restriction , for example , students , teaching workers and scientists , as they could remain on the wayside .
The draft directive which we have before us in Article 5 ( 5 ) is very critical of the restriction of a fair procedure , as enshrined in the Berne agreement .
It is , of course , possible for Member States to introduce the interests of the disabled , private consumer and dissidents and together with some other users and adapted to some other users .
That is authorised , and the Member States are in no way obliged to act .
These decisions are under the principle of subsidiarity on the ground .
I stress that this is about commercial interests , which we must make exceptions to the moral right of the concept of &apos; self @-@ author &apos; .
Mr President , in my country , in my own country , there is a very serious tradition of the information society in the information society and not protection .
The new technologies are now the enemy of the European Union and expect a common approach to this issue .
There are certainly many controversial points , different constraints and practical considerations , and we are also open to the banking industry as well as the other side of their works , and the work of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market is , in this respect , the work of Mr Zavvos and the internal market .
They have managed to radically improve the Council &apos; s common position on intellectual property law .
It is particularly important to limit derogations , and I think that this is very carefully done , even though the Committee on Legal Affairs could have been able to go further here .
We must also take account of the libraries of libraries in the case of libraries in order to ensure that it is not accompanied by various amendments to reduce respect for intellectual property .
Mr President , I would like to join in the congratulations to the rapporteur , who advocates the patience of a saint and my persistence .
We have had a great deal of trouble on this difficult subject , which has led us to all of us in the Legal Affairs Committee , a number of conflicts from which the conflict between the haves and consumers has been mentioned in this House .
Many of the groups believe that the interests of these two groups cannot be brought into a door .
In my opinion , this should , however , be possible , but it is also possible to lay down a number of principles which would enable us to impose a series of principles other than an example .
That is not a simple task .
Every one of us is entitled to ensure that the best way to achieve the best served between consumers and the entitlement to protecting and delivering their protected protection .
Mr President , I too would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on his willingness to compensate for a balance in the text for almost three years in the debate .
The task has been even more difficult for the Council to adopt the amendments adopted by the European Parliament at first reading .
As I have already said , the new directive is intended to adapt the current legislation to the new technologies , under consideration which was adopted in 1996 .
There is a legal vacuum concerning copyright protection in the digital age .
The Internet is a wonderful tool , but it must not constitute a competitive area .
The cultural and economic challenges are considerable and the Internet is a gradual step forward in Europe , which must be found in Europe for two years , since the United States has already introduced such a framework ago .
It is therefore urgent that this directive needs to be a key factor in the fight against counterfeiting , and this counterfeiting is a real scourge , and this counterfeiting is a real scourge of the information society , which is particularly important to the conditions of the environment , because the pictures are the same as the original quality .
The manufacture of traffic is a recognised Vietnam .
It is perfectly normal to ensure that a balance is made in order to compensate for a reasonable balance .
If these pictures really are to be reserved for private purposes , the legislator must be sufficiently restrictive , and the definition must not be legally clarified .
That is why I am in favour of a restrictive definition of water protection .
In order to protect works , it is obvious that the possibility of using technical works is to have the possibility of using technical measures .
This is why it is important to combat the so @-@ called environmental data which has been so identified by the public service by means of those who can be evaded and thereby encourage it to be encouraged by protected works .
This in constant change is a cause for great many questions and concerns .
The directive must be a balance between the interests of consumers and those who engage in trains .
It is an attempt to find a response to these issues as quickly as possible , which is necessarily not enough .
The review of the directive after two years will allow us to establish the deficiencies and weaknesses in the development of the information society .
Mr President , in my own country , it seems to me that it is wise to say &quot; .
In other words , for the authors and the Solomon Islands , there is no hope that this Parliament will be confronted today or tomorrow by this Parliament .
We believe , Mr President , that it is possible to establish the synergy between the democratisation of the knowledge and the new technologies which are available to us in the Internet and to find the continuity of the creative technology , which is based on the continuity of the creative distribution of the creative technology , which is not commensurate with the fact that it is not enough and does not respect the value of relatives from Burundi .
That is why the demagogic resistance and financial interests disguise the demagogic resistance , in which the whole society really is unsustainable .
Let us not be naïve , Mr President .
The dissemination of economic values and their dissemination are economic values which were always the basis of intellectual property and the rights of mediators .
Unfortunately , the Commission &apos; s proposal and the Council common position provides a degree of parameters .
On behalf of the consumer , it is on behalf of the consumer , as you will be listening to it , that the creative freedom is to be protected , the creative and cultural development of the citizens .
The new communication technologies are no opponents of intellectuals and escapes , but we must not say that in the world world we are able to defend the monopoly if we are to defend the monopoly of the weaker part of the economy , i.e. author .
We are not in the name of consumer rights on behalf of consumer rights and , above all , we accept the worst hint of the text of the text , that it is not viable to reinstate technology .
Mr President , despite many efforts and some progress which we owe to the rapporteur &apos; s defence of our rapporteur , and I congratulate him on this , I would like to congratulate him on the three fundamental freedoms of cultural policy : the creative freedom , freedom of communications and the freedom of consumers .
If we do not succeed , Europe will lose some of its essential values .
Our languages , Mr President , can be used for very little use if the purchase of the technology is merely the validity of those identity which every Europeans of the world are facing .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to thank the Members of the various political groups for the 32 000 signatures which I have enabled me to table some amendments in plenary .
In particular , I am convinced that we should come back to the position adopted by an overwhelming majority at first reading by an overwhelming majority at first reading .
Above all , there is a question of further restrictions on the way in which the Internet providers are defined in accordance with the electronic commerce Directive , so that the Internet service providers are adequately defined in accordance with the e @-@ commerce Directive , and the possibility of the Member States &apos; ability to introduce technical safeguards without which this single market is distorted .
Why do I take this view ?
Firstly , for reasons of principle .
Is there anything more important than the protection of the environment ?
Can there be a little more damaging than the product of human beings , as innovative ?
The European Parliament has always been the responsibility of European cultural heritage , and this must also be applied in the digital age .
If we do not do anything about it , we will not be able to make any excuses easy and without any excuses .
There is , in fact , no incentive to create creativity and innovation .
However , the debate goes beyond this purely .
In the case of employment , it will also lead to employment .
At present , an estimated 100 000 jobs have been lost in the European Union in the European Union .
This is also the case with the state .
For the Belgian state , which I know well well , it is right to call for a billion salary of billion to one billion , and this applies to all the vicissitudes of the world .
We must be aware of what process we are setting up .
I concur with what Mr Rothley said .
So there are enough reasons to support the amendments which I have tabled jointly with many other Members , which I would like to thank .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive has major implications for growth and competitiveness in Europe , but the use of the Internet must not make the use of the Internet more difficult .
If we are to provide electronic commerce with high costs , Europe is not in ten years &apos; time and will not be the poorer economic area of the world , as has been set up in Lisbon .
If we want to strengthen confidence in the European legislators as European legislators , European legislation must be coherent ; the directive on electronic commerce and the directive must be consistent .
This is why we will not amend Articles 5 ( 1 ) or Amendment No 33 - on copyright , because of new technology .
We must not allow the pressure of competition to be established in order to limit the freedom of expression of freedom of expression or free @-@ flow systems .
It is high time that the price of an average of one per hectare has had to be very high .
If you want to monitor all the small hydro of all a second person who wants to pursue the Internet , monitor the basis of the Internet and the high level of productivity in countries which have a high level of interest in the economy , then all the information is needed .
I would therefore ask you to support Amendment No 4 .
Our legislation on copyright must take centre stage , not the technical form .
It is necessary for themselves to choose television , even as they want to play their programmes and the music to them .
