Finally , I would like to say that it is totally incomprehensible that the American authorities will close the risk of this risk .
When we develop the development of certain types of cancer in the United States and the increase in growth in the American population , we should be able to deal with all the types of competition .
I therefore hope that the new ban on the use of this type of traffic in Europe will be no further than the American consumer and consumer preferences , so that further discussion is needed at the WTO .
Mr President , first of all I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Olsson , for his report and the committees on the proposal for a directive on the European Parliament and Council Directive 96 / 22 of the Council on the ban on the use of certain substances relating to livestock products .
The Commission &apos; s proposal is to increase our food safety and our international commitments within the framework of the Convention on the application of the World Trade Organisation and the adoption of measures that have been mentioned in the context of the Convention .
This House is sufficiently aware of the fact that the current ban on the use of the use of the uses of the end @-@ up system of the World Trade Organisation has been raised and that the assessment proposed by the European Community has been criticised by the European Community in 1998 .
As you know , the Commission has initiated an additional risk assessment of this method , in which the comments on risk assessment were made by the WTO observers .
In April 1999 , the Scientific Committee published an opinion on the possible harmful effects on the effects of public health in beef and human health .
These opinions have been reviewed and confirmed in May 2000 .
The alleged text was that , for none of the vehicles which have been set out of the six months , a limit which has been put to the limit for cattle has been identified .
With regard to the famous 17 @-@ mortem contractual environment , the opposite was the opposite of the view that this substance has been considered as a trivial entity because it has been considered both socially and more destructive .
Other information has been detected for the other five @-@ year period .
In the context of these conclusions , the Commission proposed first and foremost that it is a mistake to ban the incineration of animals from production animals to production production .
Secondly , the Commission proposed that the ban on the five five allows for a period of time is to be maintained until further scientific information is available .
This measure will be examined regularly and , therefore , fully in line with our international commitments .
I am delighted that the report supports this approach .
In addition , the Commission has made the necessary legal basis for adapting the final and preliminary preliminary framework of implementation within the framework of the transitional process , in order to make a rapid reaction to fresh information and to increase the way in which further progress is made .
I am extremely sorry that the report was not supported by the report in order to approve the interim report .
I think many of you are aware of this issue .
I have discussed the question of the application of the code of conduct with you in a number of bilateral discussions , and I note that the Commission &apos; s request has not received any vote in the amendments tabled .
I would ask Parliament to reconsider its position in this respect , because I think it is extremely important that the issue of environmental data should be taken seriously .
If Parliament came to the vote in the context of the anti @-@ racial and non @-@ contractual insisted , I think it is not enough to protect consumer health in this area in the context of the current debate , both in relation to BSE and with this particular issue .
How can we justify a delay in the adaptation of the adaptation and approval of the annexes if a Commission proposal has been included for , for example , the inclusion of one further item on the list ?
How can this justify ?
One speaker said that this is a political issue .
I reject that statement .
It is a scientific question .
That is precisely why the WTO has examined this .
I am somewhat concerned that if Parliament continues to comply with its position on this subject , there is a risk that the codecision procedure is not accepted , but the codecision procedure is the most problematic one .
I have seen this once again .
I have already had this debate with Parliament and I know what I am doing .
Members will seem to be able to vote on the matter and the follow @-@ up follow @-@ up .
It is not very clear what they are going to vote on , as they are not informed of this particular issue .
I am also aware of the fact that so many people are going to vote on a matter of concern to the consumer , without knowing that they are going to produce a procedure which is causing the consumer &apos; s health and by making a clear scientific recommendation in the annex to the annex , which can be included in the annex to a clear scientific recommendation .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would ask you to reconsider the matter and give priority to greater emphasis on the wider agenda .
Just look at the question of more than the interinstitutional balance between Parliament and the Commission on whether or not there is a full codecision procedure in such cases .
This is a scientific analysis which is based on scientific recommendations : a body which is accepted by the Commission and which will be incorporated into an annex to a comprehensive de facto de facto de facto de finesse .
On this subject , I have already pointed out that I am not going to disregard the position of Parliament when it comes to dealing with it .
I would therefore urge you , ladies and gentlemen , to take account of the rights of consumers , the issue of adequate consumer protection and also to remember that the post @-@ food food safety authority will be included in the next year .
It will take the task of great deal .
If a danger emerges , it can recommend that the executive will respond immediately .
In some cases , this means that the Commission will introduce a legislative solution .
If we are to achieve this , then we can use the rapid reaction which the consumer is asking for .
But if this is possible only in the codecision procedure , there will be delays .
Allow me now to address more specifically the amendments proposed in this report and to Mrs Grossetête &apos; s amendment .
I will start with the amendments which the Commission cannot accept .
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 4 , 5 , 6 , 6 , 9 , 9 , 9 and 10 .
Nor can they support Amendments Nos 12 , 13 and 14 which support the introduction of the establishment of the lists in favour of a updating of lists and to introduce the codecision procedure once again and to introduce the codecision procedure .
Amendment No 1 deals with sound explanatory statement to keep the ban .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment , because the results of all future research are being proactive .
Amendment No 2 serves to be financed by the Commission in order to finance research on the five , for five reasons .
This is unacceptable .
Neither is the Commission &apos; s obligation to finance research under Community law still under Community law .
The WTO calls on the parties to risk a risk assessment based on the basis of all available scientific data .
However , such studies are not excluded from the European Union &apos; s administrative code .
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 3 and 11 , which calls for effective environmental protection for health protection .
I should like to point out that both the Member States and Community institutions have already diversified .
For example , in accordance with Directive 96 / 23 of the Council Directive No 23 / 23 of the Council on controls and arrears .
The Commission has also proposed that the provisions of the directive should not apply to animals which are dealt with by 1 July , which are dealt with by 1 July .
Mrs Grossetête proposes in her Amendment No 15 to make this provision dependent on the existence of appropriate alternatives .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment on health protection , given the clear scientific knowledge .
In addition , there has been enough evidence of this study that there are enough alternatives to the transfer of water @-@ related operations for therapeutic or non @-@ purposes .
This study should be provided as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the Commission can accept Amendment No 8 , and in principle the section of Amendment No 10 , which deals with scientific data , because it contains useful clarifications for the text .
Finally , I would like to thank Mr Olsson once again for his excellent report and for his support on this important matter .
To summarise , the Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 6 , 6 , 9 , 9 , 9 , 9 , 12 , 13 , 13 , 14 and 15 .
On the other hand , it can accept Amendment No 8 , Amendment No 8 , in principle , which deals with scientific data .
Mr President , naturally I respect the position of Commissioner Byrne who is in favour of a subsidy .
However , what we are trying to achieve is not an extension of the procedure ; it is a question of making a debate on this issue , as many other differences are missing from the truth .
I was in Stockholm with one representative of the US Senate who was not the European concept of science .
We therefore have to discuss the issue of scientific issues in this House not only in this Chamber , but also in order to raise the principle of ethics in order to ensure ethics .
This is a fundamental political debate , not the delay in the process .
Thank you , Mr Olsson .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 11 a.m .
The new boundaries of the book
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O &apos; s name , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new borders in the field of water : electronic waterways ( 2000 / 364 ( 2000 / 364 ( INI ) &#93; .
Mr President , first of all I would like to mention why this report is important , and it has identified some junior doctors who have identified their works : Michel rhodus , Leonardo hormone @-@ aged and a man from my own country .
In my home country , these works , the wealth of cultural diversity , the wealth of culture , culture and history are several types of work .
It is my thinking and I think it is important .
The background of my work was that of the accident which many people are happy to read .
In my opinion , there is , in particular , access to alternatives , ideas and options .
I come from very simple background and I come from a poor area with small opportunities and modest prospects .
But from the day when I am a gentle senator , I have left the books and many other people have the same experience .
I am grateful to the authors and the absurdity of these books that they have allowed me to make these promises , and I can see it as a matter of my duty to ensure that other people are able to do this .
So what is this report ?
I would simply like to make sure that , in our final opening in the electronic age , the framework conditions which apply to books are whether or not we are talking about protection of intellectual property rights , taxation , the regulation of demand or subsidies , which will continue to be applied in the new era .
Major more than just a working life , and in a world which is becoming increasingly dependent on goods , this is extremely important .
The e @-@ commerce scheme covers four specific areas : electronic books , Internet @-@ friendly via demand via demand , Internet equipment and Internet equipment .
We must ensure that we have the necessary political concepts , which will allow a comprehensive overall strategy to be established in all these developments .
So what about this report ?
First of all , we must promote a strong growth and development of these areas and the broad use of electronic media in Europe .
We need an affordable access to this media for all Europeans and the need for a change in knowledge .
We should continue to promote linguistic and cultural diversity by means of the use of electronic commerce and the transformation of the traditional publishing industry in a world of e @-@ commerce .
In order to achieve this objective , we must ensure the appropriate policies which will enable us to ensure that an instrument such as this can be done and ensure that all citizens have access to their choice .
A number of demands are therefore made in my report .
The EU &apos; s institutions have an important role to play in ensuring future growth .
First of all , the Commission can provide a comprehensive political approach to developing this sector .
Secondly , we can all help everyone to promote policies which promote literacy and promote digital exclusion .
The Commission can and should develop and develop mechanisms for developing SMEs in this sector , and we should also ensure that the workers &apos; rights in this sector take the opportunity to ensure the authors of the industry and to ensure that the industry has the opportunity to develop their responsibilities in the new age .
Member States should be able to ensure that the existing network rules are monitored and hygiene for electronic commerce .
All of this is in the context of our options and I therefore recommend that it makes us hope for a variety of models for guidance to us , so that everyone can benefit from the benefits and benefits of the new sector .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate Mrs O &apos; Sullivan of her report on the dramatic changes which have taken place in the recent technologies over recent years .
We are all in a position to reconsider the book as a series of MEPs or as rapporteur .
A revolution has taken place , which is still more interesting and more interesting for each of us .
At the same time , however , it requires European and national policies , which we must tackle in order to cope with the problems of the new nature and way of conciliation .
The question of whether we have to protect the entire book before the uncontrolled market is , in fact , very much in favour of the very important importance of both the Cabinet and stage in our society .
The possibility of providing information and enlargement of the world &apos; s distribution of water , which concerns the difficulties of intellectual property and the status of the author of the author , are also being denied a threat to the new media of access to the new media .
The inequalities relating to all of non @-@ illiterate , rural areas and the disadvantaged groups can prove disastrous if they already have a high percentage of letter and premises .
This problem is so serious that we cannot talk about a threat from a threat to social cohesion , and this danger is based on developing Union policies through developing Union policies .
But all Member States must be able to facilitate access to books and make it impossible to obtain access to books , because they are the future of the European Union , and there is no future for the future , and we will not be able to table a future without the book .
Madam President , Commissioner , books are an important medium , in order to teach culture , and modern labour .
That is why I think this report is very excellent .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work and the many analyses she has made .
This area is becoming permanent .
Despite this , it is not only the production of production but also consumption .
It is a form of consumption , and we need more vigorous incentives .
People have to decide how they spend their time .
So , together with my colleague , Mr Graça Moura , I tabled an amendment with the call for a &apos; European Year of Lifelong Learning &apos; .
We suggested 23 April , because this day we were celebrating the birthday for the birthday and the negotiating birthday .
This is therefore a whole of Europe .
In a number of countries , it is already characterised by UNESCO .
I will be happy to pass on the Commission &apos; s wisdom to choose another date .
Commissioner , offer equipment only if there is a demand .
In order to give an additional impulse , Mr Graça Moura and I also wanted to see a year reading , but we must urge it .
The second problem is the impact of the marketeers .
It is essential to protect the protection of pluralism and cultural diversity .
As usual , fixed @-@ year @-@ old and outdated water regulations , which are customary in several Member States , must also apply to electronic commerce .
Madam President , today I would like to speak out of the point of view of the copyright system , both in positive terms and in the negative sense .
As far as the positive side is concerned , the individualisation of supply and demand is , as you know , one of the opportunities for electronic mail .
For us , this is an appalling fact , as is the case for us today , that it is the most important state of affairs , which is to change the situation , which is why it is possible to change the way in which the electronic labelling system is compatible , better and more innovative .
These are the positive aspects .
The negative side is that access to GMOs is now on two counts .
Let us do nothing .
The new technologies can , of course , see a chance for democratisation , but also an additional obstacle to education .
To conclude , Madam President , Commissioner , I would like to ask for the vigilance that these new technologies are respected in the face of these new technologies , which are particularly dangerous to the supply of creativity .
That is why I would like to point out that the same needs to be regulated in Europe for the same reasons , namely safeguarding creativity and disseminating their products .
Madam President , the very challenging report of Mrs O &apos; s report gives us the opportunity to make further ideas about the future of the texts on the future .
As is quite rightly pointed out in this report , Mr President , it is still important to continue to play a very important role in the distribution of European cultures and , moreover , the increase in the number of chapters published , such as rich , alive and many of these crops .
That is why it is obvious that we are dealing with environmental problems where the accounts are becoming increasingly apparent .
This applies , for example , to the cohesion policy within the Structural Funds .
Are you getting this , ladies and gentlemen ?
Let me mention two examples .
Thanks to the forestry industry , the number of libraries in Greece will be double by an advisory to 1 % by 2006 .
During the same period , in the course of the operational culture programme in Portugal , EUR 38 million will be allocated to developing the airspace and libraries , and in order to promote assumptions from the European Regional Development Fund .
This also applies to competition policy , which is the special importance which has been given to the European peoples .
This applies to the work in culture .
In the debate on the Culture 2000 programme , Parliament stressed the importance of the importance of the measures to promote the preparation of the book and literature .
As the first year of the implementation of the programme shows , this concern has been met .
Mrs O &apos; s report urges us to increase our deliberations and to take into account all the aspects of the technological revolution in order to give optimum use to the European Union &apos; s ability to make use of the new opportunities to ensure that the new opportunities of access to knowledge are to be prevented and finally protected .
The digital revolution means a chance , but also risks .
The report by Mrs O &apos; s report is , moreover , very graphically to explain why I am not going to come back to it now .
Allow me to make one comment , namely the risk of exclusion in the case of the exclusion of indigenous groups in the population .
The essential condition to make the digital technology of education and culture depends on their accessibility .
I note that it is acceptable to note that , between generations , between social classes , between society , between those who do not have full benefit from the new technologies , and those who are fully benefiting from the new technologies and to those who have full benefit from the new technologies and risk that a digital divide should be created .
I do not think it is simply worth saying that there is a gulf between this kind of chasm and we must do nothing to do all it can to close it .
In fact , we can take a lot of action .
They constitute a culture , a social task which we are represented here , Parliament and the Commission .
In addition , I believe that globalisation , if we control it , and digital technology , will not automatically destroy the destruction of national and regional cultures .
In order to adapt to the new reality of the information society , the cultural industry is undoubtedly a very serious and rapid change .
For us , this means that we must guard against these changes , and we must not simply guide them to their development or store them .
We must start at the beginning of their development so that the digital age can offer new growth and , at the same time , enable us to make a more competitive way of achieving this .
A first from its budget accounts for a modest , but it is the measure of networking and cooperation between the sexes .
I have no doubt that the Commission has the most important role to play in this area , and in the proposals for the Culture 2001 programme , I believe that it is envisaged that the implementation of several projects will be implemented through the participation of authors and land development .
If the experiment is convincing , further measures are being made for the welfare sector , under the terms of the cultural industry .
In my opinion , this is a new area which has not yet been sufficient and that it has not yet been sufficient to fulfil a basic , influential and vital role .
In addition to the specific actions of the programme , I would like to mention a whole series of measures which are intended to be helped with those who are helping to help and be helped to achieve their digital revolution and , therefore , the demands of our rapporteur .
The e @-@ commerce initiative , which I launched in May last year , concerns the training of education , which is a precondition for any further action .
The Commission services have drawn up this initiative .
In addition , the Commission is financing , and this is particularly related to budgetary projects , pilot projects , which are specifically linked to the use of technologies in general , with the Leonardo Leonardo Programme , which , in conjunction with the Leonardo industry , is at the heart of our activities .
In addition , enhanced partnerships in the field of public and private sectors can also be dealt with in the field of education .
The e @-@ Europe initiative of the Commission is to ensure that the information society is , as a social code of law , social law .
To the end of 2001 , access to the Internet and multimedia resources will be available in many public centres , including in the less @-@ favoured areas , and all the students must be allowed to travel .
Another theme of our work is to extend the services to support the development of content in the field of e @-@ commerce and e @-@ commerce .
The e @-@ commerce programme , which has now been adopted for four years , has the promotion of development and use of European content .
It is now possible to cooperate with the European Investment Bank in cooperation with the European Investment Bank and by setting up capital risk capital .
In this respect , the Commission and the EIB are prepared to work together on the financing of the cultural industry .
We have paved the way for a new social future .
Ladies and gentlemen , there is also a need for greater mobilisation and greater visibility .
Personally , I am in favour of the proposal tabled by several of you - Mr Graça Moura , Mrs Plooij @-@ ten Holte , Mrs Sanders @-@ ten Holte , a European year in the change and correspondence .
However , this year is not possible for a number of reasons , but we should make a point of thinking about the innovative change and correspondence that could be organised in 2002 .
We should not now lay down a specific option now , but to discuss the best decision in the programme for Culture 2000 .
I am therefore in favour of a debate in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , with the parties involved in the faith in innovation , assumptions and cultural diversity .
As you know , technology is an instrument which will provide a universal instrument , but this tool can be very useful to develop our cultural potential .
In this respect , I would like to thank Mrs O &apos; and also the Committee on Culture , for the important work they have done in this respect .
Thank you , Mrs Reding .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place shortly .
Vote
Madam President , a number of MEPs have rightly referred to the existence of the MEDA programme , which is why I would ask the House to approve an oral amendment for the following wording . &quot; The Commission should ask the Commission to set up a special programme in order to adapt to aquaculture and to extend the telecommunications network &quot; .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 ) by Mr Naïr , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on the Commission communication on the EU &apos; s communication on the EU &apos; s communication on the EU &apos; s communication ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0630 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( COS ) )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Motion for a resolution ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 ) by Mr Miranda , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , on the peace process in Colombia
Concerning the recitals B and C
Madam President , if I have understood correctly , the first amendment which we are going to vote on is a possible compromise with his authors , confirming that Amendment No 1 can be withdrawn in accordance with paragraph 1 .
This recital b ) would include the whole part of the first part of &quot; Colombia &quot; and the second text .
I think that with the special vote on the original text of the recital ) I can use the vote on Amendment No 1 .
Madam President , the Socialist Group agrees with Mr Miranda and would like to vote in favour of the first and second part .
Madam President , we would agree with this proposal .
Madam President , there is also a compromise on the following vote .
On Amendment No 2 of the European People &apos; s Party and the Group of the Party of European Socialists , this is what I understand : first of all , we would like to vote on a part of the original text , and , in fact , it is in the recital that the Colombia plan for &quot; social operators &quot; to &quot; social operators &quot; .
Then we would vote on a second part of the vote which would like to withdraw the applicants , and then we would like to vote on Amendment No 2 as an addition .
Consequently , we shall be voting on the original text in separate parts and then Amendment No 2 as an addition to consideration .
Mr Mombaur , I have the shadow of the shadow @-@ round Group of the Party of European Socialists on this subject .
What Mr Miranda says is correct , but it is misleading .
As you are aware of the remarks you have made , the services have made a mistake and the services of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats have not been accepted in the defence policy .
This is why Mr Miranda quite rightly said that he has the right to vote , and I fully subscribe to him , but it is not a matter of further amendment .
They have been a purely technical error from the services .
In order to make complete clarity , I have received the text of the electronics industry .
The following words were missing from the start of the amendment : &apos; Plan Colombia &apos; is not the case : &apos; dirty e @-@ Colombia &apos; and &apos; yes &apos; , and the rest remains , and the rest remains .
Madam President , I would just like to confirm what Mr Howitt said .
In some versions , particularly the Portuguese , Dutch , Dutch , Dutch and Dutch versions , where it is written in the Spanish and English wording , &quot; Colombia &quot; , &quot; Colombia &quot; is wrong .
The translation of these versions must be changed .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O &apos; s report , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new borders in the field of wine : legislation ( INI ) and ( 2000 / 364 ( INI ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
- ( FR ) In the vote on this report we abstained on this report , as we are going to abstain in the report on the fisheries agreement with Angola .
After all , we do not want to take the slightest advantage of the way in which , as we know very well , the financial aid of the Union for fishing in the waters of Ivory Coast and Angola will at best be minimal .
However , we are opposed to the fact that there is talk of aid to these countries , or even for their people .
Even today , the &quot; aid &quot; or &quot; agreements &quot; are seen in the light of today &apos; s word and unfair provisions as to the fact that the African continent is developing by European powers .
Jarzembowski report ( A5 @-@ 0033 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report to amend the directive on the development of the Community railway undertakings .
I have read the Conciliation Committee &apos; s report and I would like to express my hope that Mr Jarzembowski has gone through the best possible result , because it is the best way of achieving the results of freight imported across Europe .
I hope , Mr Jarzembowski , that such positive results will be made when it is going to take action to support the Council &apos; s pensioners and of the elderly .
I have truly impressed the success of the Conciliation Committee on this issue .
, in writing .

This compromise will lead to new proposals for liberalisation , i.e. privatisation , new sectors , such as the weather equipment .
The recent tragic accident accidents in Great Britain , which are growing in the United Kingdom , which , for example , highlights the serious effects of the privatisation of this service service .
And , if the congestion problems caused by a principally high road traffic , as a result of the road transport of the roads , the liberalisation of the railways is , at the very least , devastating to the liberalisation of the railways .
For a long time throughout Europe , it has been permissible to promote the interests of private companies in order to promote the interests of private companies in all its forms .
As the negotiators are trying to diversify now , part of the world &apos; s new profits are in order to find new profits in the railways , both from the European institutions and by national governments .
Neither the cost of public services and the people generally have the lowest advantages of privatisation .
The same applies to the workers in this sector , which deals with the disastrous consequences of employment and working conditions , and against working conditions and working conditions .
We are , of course , opposed to the struggle for these workers and their trade unions .
We have therefore voted against the two reports .
In this explanation of vote , I think it is appropriate to point out that , thanks to the latest progress in the development of the European rail system , this explanation of vote has been made , thanks to the latest , the latest decision @-@ making process for the construction of the ABM Group and the new entretiens économiques .
This decision will lead to a final light in the process which is based on the rationale of strengthening rail transport and shift from road transport by road .
However , as I explained in the plenary sitting , it was difficult to delay the delay in the route of the steering Group of the European Union , when it comes to achieving the route of the EEA Group ; today we are determination to resolve the future development cooperation perspective in this century .
I would like to add that the decision of Italy and France , which was fully supported by the European Commission , has been in line with the sugar industry .
It is also good news that the Commission is , after all , due to lack of lack of lack of interest with regard to the Council &apos; s negotiators in January of this year , with regard to the Council &apos; s approval of the Minutes , and the wish to ratify this protocol swiftly .
The project which has now been set up in the region for a recovery of rail transport in the region , with the aim , is to be supplemented by introducing a clear drop in road transport in the Alpine region .
In this regard , I have already heard the Commission &apos; s hope that the railway @-@ Atlantic railway network will finally be included in the next few years in the years to come up with the trans @-@ European transport network .
Finally , I would like to express my satisfaction at Evian &apos; s decision on the reopening of the death penalty at the summer .
The French and Italian authorities have shown that they have been in such a tunnel for international road transport in this tunnel , rationally and responsibly .
I call on the Commission to support this decision in favour of a necessarily drastic and properly damaging reduction in transport .
Wieland report ( A5 @-@ 0012 / 2001 )
Mr President , I have voted in favour of the directive on the recognition of professional qualifications of mobiles , synagogues , arson , etc .
First of all , I was aware that this type of transport is mainly due to the doctors who may be able to move home in the European Union , but having had to be able to take care of medical aid in the European Union , while I have been able to see the right blow in Italy and Belgium , I have seen differences in medicines and I have suggested that they have been included in the case of medicine .
That is why I think it would be beneficial if all people in Europe could move freely and were treated by doctors who have the same education .
I therefore call for a European diplomatic coastguard .
McNally report ( A5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 )
Mr President , I have voted in favour of the report on the availability of information available to the information system and for my approval .
I have my friend , Mr Esteve , who , I am referring to Brussels , tells me that this directive should be achieved in order to achieve energy prices if staff can leave their offices and leave computers in the so @-@ called car giants .
Following the usefulness of this document , I said that he said the usefulness of this document at the end of the discussions , saying that it would not be easy to compel employees to use computers if they are no longer using the computers ? &quot;
I would still like , Mr President .
Mr President , I voted for the ban on the patenting of 17 times and all the other substances which are harmful to the human body because they are , as you know , growth and development of the new human being in close human beings .
However , I have learned that the Finance Ministers of our Member States are not really opposed to an anti @-@ smoking campaign which , as we know , will promote the development of animals so that they grow faster .
&quot; But why do they not stand against , &quot; I am asked .
My last night , I believe , is a response to the fact that , if the growth of animals is speeded up , we hope that , if the growth of animals is speeded up , people will be able to develop more quickly so that they are not so long or pensioners .
Mr President , I voted for the promotion of trade relations with the United States of America , Canada , Australia and New Zealand , because that is certainly a positive element .
For the future , I hope that the future will be closer to the development of the elderly in these countries in order to improve the living conditions of the elderly .
I also hope that we will have the opportunity to deal with the existing monitoring programmes in these countries in order to see if we do not have any suggestions to make it possible to improve the legal conditions for the purpose of protecting the elderly of the elderly .
We do not support the man &apos; s report for several reasons .
Firstly , there is no legal framework for the projects .
This is right because it is not in the scope of the EU .
The Member States &apos; cooperation is a specific instrument without its own EU competence , except for the Member States .
Nevertheless , the Commission and the rapporteur in the articles of Articles feeds and 37 have a legal basis .
The Commission is not explicit to identify activities under Article 308 , which are covered under Article 308 , so there is still lack of confusion .
In addition , the Commission proposes a single budget line .
However , for multiannual programmes and large @-@ scale projects , it is not desirable because the Commission should not lead to a national policy for the countries concerned .
Furthermore , the Commission has promised to work more efficiently by using less tasks .
The Commission must represent the EU Member States in the WTO .
In addition to this , the role of the Member States has been expressed in the coordination of the activities of the Member States .
That is not the case with deepening and enlargement .
The Commission has to do with European issues such as agriculture , the effects on developing countries and the environment .
It is therefore not appropriate for a purely Community @-@ based trade policy .
In the rapporteur &apos; s report we see an improvement on the Commission &apos; s proposal , but we consider it to be insufficient in our view .
That is why we abstained from the vote .
Muscardini Report ( A5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the strategy set by the European Council for relations with the Mediterranean countries .
My own country , Italy , is a member of Italy .
I therefore believe that it is necessary for the European Union to pay more attention to the neighbouring countries in the South , which is only separate from the sea .
I propose to include those who will be responsible for this area in the future , suggesting that the regulation will be extended to all workers in the Southern countries of the Mediterranean , i.e. to cover the countries of the Mediterranean , in other words , on the basis of the Mediterranean countries .
Many workers in the Mediterranean countries are in Europe , which is why I think it would be appropriate to take part in the merits of a single pension .
The Barcelona process raised hopes for relations between the European Union and twelve countries of the Mediterranean .
However , we will soon have to recognise that this instrument proved insufficient .
For political reasons , the difficult peace process in the Middle East is an important reason , but not the only one .
As a priority to change , the report advocates the simplification and flexibility of the MEDA programme and the development of measures for developing the Mediterranean countries , and we can only agree to that .
In view of the importance of the Mediterranean , however , the Council has adopted a common strategy for this region , but the Council has adopted a common strategy for this region .
It is therefore hoped that this time the political will will make it more important to ensure that cooperation between the Member States and the countries of the Mediterranean and the countries of the Mediterranean and the European Union are progressing .
It is not , of course , as a bargaining area of the Mediterranean , but because it is a way of achieving this cooperation , it is desirable and desirable that Europe should become a centre of excellence .
In addition , the importance of increasingly spread to the European Union is being increasingly spread to the sea , and the following step could be very well placed to give them a more dynamic dimension ...
A word to the rapporteur , my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini .
I have followed the process of work in the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy .
The outcome of the work of illegal immigrants has all been fully and totally justified as rapporteur from the start , because her report was only supported by the committee , because she was only opposed to voting against .
In any event , it is possible to estimate the value of the document , which has been drawn up and drafted , not very much value .
It was true , however , that if the European Parliament recognises this in a plenary session , it was not more lucrative to recognise this by an overwhelming majority .
That is why I am grateful to my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini , and our congratulations .
Naïr report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the intensification of the Barcelona process .
That is a logical consequence of my previous explanation .
I believe that the Mediterranean countries , like Turkey , are just as much Europe .
I hope and support Turkey &apos; s accession to the European Union , but it should also be carefully examined by EU accession to the Mediterranean countries .
I see this as two sides of the same coin .
. ( FR ) I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his work .
His report on the Barcelona process is indeed quite comprehensive and I will only touch on a few more important points .
First of all , it should be pointed out that the Commission &apos; s communication is entitled to &apos; intensification of the Barcelona process &apos; : the Barcelona process and recommendations on the conference in Marseilles 2000 ( November 2000 ) .
Frankly , the record is quite frank .
Of the three areas of the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , the policy of social , cultural and human relations , social , cultural and economic relations , has been implemented only in the latter .
But here too things are still left !
In this area , there is an extraordinary observation : our partners are calling for the opening up of their markets in sectors where we are the most competitive European Union &apos; s failure to promote agricultural products in the agricultural sector for these countries .
As the rapporteur says , we want to establish a &apos; free trade &apos; in accordance with the conditions established by Europe .
This type of behaviour is particularly irresponsible .
Are we behaving hypocritical as we wanted to create a region of common prosperity .
The low level of the European Union &apos; s being debated in the Union &apos; s places of enlargement must finally be unfairly criticised .
This is a abuse of the Union &apos; s interest in the sustainable economic and social development of the Mediterranean , and the political stability of this on the other side of the Mediterranean , the world of Europe .
The Euro @-@ Mediterranean Partnership is urgently required to give priority to this .
The rapporteur proposes a number of ways .
For my part , I would first of all recommend a more rigorous approach to the political stage .
The new international state has , of course , been given an opportunity to do so .
The European Union has a role to play in the Middle East peace process .
The solution to the Middle East is a crucial precondition for achieving peace and stability in the region .
This means that the right to security for Israel and all other countries in the region , together with the recognition of the legitimate rights of the Palestinian people , must be adopted as soon as possible , in the same way that the Euro @-@ Mediterranean Charter for Peace and Stability must be adopted as soon as possible .
In addition , the European Union must use more financial resources and human resources and promote interregional cooperation and civil society .
As a Swede , I would like to express my satisfaction at the fact that the Swedish Presidency intends to bring forward a debate on the Barcelona process , which has been debated under the French Presidency .
If we hope that they will be translated into practice quickly .
That is why I voted in favour of Mr Naïr &apos; s report .
It is regrettable that human rights and practical implementation in the Barcelona process cannot be taken into account .
For this reason , I voted for a number of amendments , for example , for Amendments Nos 1 and 4 .
As a Swedish Christian Democrat , I would like to express my concern about the living conditions of the Christian Democratic minority in Egypt , because these people are treated more practically like others in their own country .
It is regrettable that the exclusion of the community in Lebanon is also worrying .
I am convinced that , in addition to the economic and fiscal affairs of ethnic , religious and cultural minorities in the Mediterranean countries , there is a prerequisite for further progress in the Barcelona process .
- ( FR ) The report on the European Union &apos; s Mediterranean policy is more than vague .
This cannot be the right framework for cooperation between Europe and the Mediterranean countries .
The rapporteur can , in fact , agree with the rapporteur that human rights and fundamental freedoms must be respected when the treatment of other social issues is concerned .
Firstly , the report supports the Commission &apos; s project which advocates free trade and economic liberalisation of the Mediterranean countries .
In this respect , paragraph 21 , which says : &quot; Due to the inauguration to liberalise the economies of the Mediterranean partners and the implementation of structural reforms , the necessary need to compete in order to compete on non @-@ profit markets . &quot;
The central issue of the external debt is to be dealt with in the report exclusively in the spirit of &apos; pre @-@ accession &apos; , and the European governments must provide a full legal basis .
As far as immigrants are concerned , the report refers to the Naïr report , which refers to illegal immigration and illegal immigration .
Women and women have never been allowed to have borders .
As illegal immigrants , they would like to see the interests of the mafia and trafficking in human beings .
We must have the will to open the limits .
While finally , while the Palestinian people are recognised to a State by the rapporteur , his legitimate demands , namely the freedom of release of all political prisoners and the right of refugees to return , is missing .
For these reasons , I did not vote in favour of this report .
Resolution on &quot; Colombia &quot; ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) We have voted in favour of the resolution in Colombia but only by means of the plan prepared by the United States in order to fight against drug trafficking , which means that most rural people are in the greatest benefit of the electoral process .
The main objective of these intervention is to facilitate capitalist capitalist groups to facilitate the exploitation of resources .
We are against the military intervention of the United States in Colombia , as we also condemn the British in Sierra Leone and the role of the British in Sierra Leone - France , Congo or Melanesian .
In the same way , we are opposed to the plans for the privatisation of the new economy of the Colombian economy and against the people &apos; s leading measures , such as reducing the volume of water .
However , the aid granted by the European Union and the IMF is , as you know , the first to create appropriate conditions for investment in the exchange of power of the imperialist powers of the Union .
In short , we are opposed to any oppression and forming the people who wanted to express our vote .
- ( FR ) The United States Plan was completely spurious , without any consulting the different social and political parties , and without the Colombian Congress , and without the Colombian Congress .
In the guise of combating trafficking in women , this is not an extremely dangerous solution to the fight against trafficking in small producers , which criminalise their crops from the people and the environment , and they are forced to leave them to be forced to leave their crops .
With his motion for a resolution on the peace process in Colombia , the Committee on Development and Cooperation takes line with the way in which the peace process is structured .
The proposed reform programme , which can only be supported by the neighbouring countries , can only be supported .
However , the use of the funds allocated by the European Union must be monitored , but it must be monitored by no repressive purposes .
The first step towards peace can only be condemned in the condemnation of the paramilitary groups and to bring dialogue with the veterinary groups and the ELN .
In order to fight drug trafficking and genuine drug trafficking , it is necessary to take measures to combat drug trafficking and genuine duplication of money from the money being made available to the detriment of the financial movement , which would make it possible to transfer the needs of all the citizens .
Mr President , I have asked why Mr Fatuzzo have nothing to say about this .
I would have liked him one minute to do .
We do not have any explanation , as we have not received a declaration about the Colombia plan .
Would it not be possible for you , Mr President , to clarify the loopholes which have been overcome here , as it is important for us to know .
Yes , I know that every Member can give a statement to his vote and Mr Fatuzzo has the right to make a statement on certain votes . &quot;
Ferri report ( A5 @-@ 0033 / 2000 )
Denmark makes a legal reference to Denmark , which means that we do not give the EU any powers of responsibility .
However , cross @-@ border crime is a very serious problem which makes it necessary to cooperate with the Member States .
I have chosen to vote in favour of this report and its recommendations - in section 5 of the EU &apos; s common Public Prosecutor - because we have a major number of immigrant criminals to do with a large number of foreign criminals in the past few years , which we are unable to get through with our traditional tax systems and our own legislation .
Never before we had such brutality with a brutality of the brutality of such brutality , with cynicism and bankers , as regards drug smuggling , trafficking in women , trafficking in women , terrorism , money laundering and the citizens of the citizens .
Since Denmark has been a very meagre phenomenon , there is a immigration of criminals following the principle of the single opposition .
The majority of our politicians do not want to understand the truth and try to ensure that international conventions are preventing our peaceful and honest citizens .
This EU initiative is necessary in order to ensure law and order in Denmark .
We are forced to do something together with our European partners in order to give more power than the criminals .
The UK leader of the Party of European Socialists voted in favour of the spirit of this resolution , but there are objections to some of the content of the content .
We are against the inclusion of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office in this text ( paragraph 5 ) .
With the resolution , this body should be granted powers to the Member States &apos; administrative rules , which is an inappropriate response to the cooperation established in the report .
It is debatable whether it is legally appropriate for such a body to be taken into force , and the judicial independence of the Member States should be preserved .
In addition , some basic interpretations could be made and a legal confusion may lead to legal confusion , for example paragraph 9 of the Member States and calling for the European Court of Justice to judgements to judgements which have been decided outside the EU &apos; s environmental policy .
Finally , the British defence cooperation in criminal matters , however , have concerns the reference to the &quot; harmonisation of criminal law &quot; in point 13 .
This may be desirable , but cooperation in criminal matters should be limited to the exchange of information and the vote between the authorities and the coordination between the authorities and the harmonisation of certain legislation , provided that it is not included in general .
.
( EL ) The Committee on the Environment &apos; s resolution is real to combat organised crime , the pretext that the public and intergovernmental authorities should be extended to inspection and to be extended to inspection and any form of national sovereignty .
All this is happening in the name of the so @-@ called area of freedom , security and justice , as planned in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the conclusions of the Tampere European Council .
We must only add &quot; for the new order order in the post @-@ EMU era &quot; .
For the people of Europe , there is a lack of freedom , insecurity and fragmentation for the people of Europe .
This is also demonstrated by the fact that , as the authors of the relevant texts understand , the authors of the relevant texts have never wanted to be more specific , which clearly intended to be a legal concept before it is based on organised crime .
On the one hand , it is seeking to combat any form of political opposition , the fight against the economic opposition and the fight against their decisions and , on the other hand , trying to tackle them , and , on the other hand , they are trying to get a panic into a panic .
But who are talking about violent crimes and terrorism ?
For goods in the people of Yugoslavia , and the pollution of the population in the population of Yugoslavia , and the pollution of the EU Member States , is not organised by organised crime and has not been organised for a long time to come ?
Can it be possible for measures to be taken to counter the repression of the demonstrations in Prague , Nice and recently in townships ?
What is the brutal movement of farmers , pensioners and the movement of popular movement in Greece and other EU countries ?
We are also in favour of organised crime .
This cannot , however , be done by the forces to fight the state of government against the fight for the movement of workers , such as the EU and which is responsible for the rapid increase in crime , as well as the increase in organised crime with political bodies and bodies , for example .
In our opinion , the motion for a resolution will make a further contribution to the resources needed to reduce the rights and freedoms of the people , and it is a matter of extreme sensitivity to each idea of national sovereignty , to complete the &apos; law of the new order &apos; and is dangerous for the people of Europe .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party voted in favour of Mr Ferri &apos; s report because we would like to see a more effective and effective fight against organised crime within the EU by creating the national penal code .
However , we are opposed to paragraph 5 , which calls for the Union to adopt a European ) with a European ) Public Prosecutor &apos; s responsibility , which means that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s public prosecutor replaced the national public prosecutor &apos; s office .
We are in favour of a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , which works with the national authorities , but this is not replaced with them .
We accept paragraph 11 ( b ) , insofar as it means harmonising national definitions of crime , so that criminals can no longer be able to exploit the laws , but we assume that this does not mean the harmonisation of all national legal systems .
On paragraph 8 , we voted in favour of a sensible restriction in the event of non @-@ economic cooperation between experts such as judges or investigating magistrates , for example .
Although we voted for paragraph 9 , the proposal for sanctions seems to be weak about the current purely intergovernmental process .
There is no possibility that it would be possible to obtain better effects on the basis of the Community &apos; s competence under the Community competence .
In the motion for a resolution , the European Parliament is calling for the reform of the Treaty on European Union to determine the powers of the European Court of Justice to determine whether the Member States comply with their obligations in this area .
The fact that Parliament , in this resolution , wishes to acknowledge the instruments of the Council of Europe , is to include the instruments of the Council of Europe not only at present , but it would also be extremely difficult to implement it , and it would be a dangerous precedent which would ensure a great precedent in the future .
The idea of introducing sanctions against Member States , which do not fulfil the requests in the field of mutual assistance to legal assistance , is in stark contrast with the instruments adopted in the Title XIII of the Treaty on European Union .
It is a disturbing development with sanctions against partners in the EU which can be drift towards a drift of drift towards a Europe of law on a Europe of justice .
In conclusion , I would like to point out the rapporteur and all other colleagues that the first two points of the explanatory statement in the explanatory statement of the explanatory statement concerning the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg have no longer been exchanged since the law of 8 August .
O &apos; Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 )
Mr President , I should like to explain why we have been able to look forward to these amendments .
We are talking about both 11 and 13 paragraphs in recital 11 , which , at the end of the day , contains the delicate points and paragraph 7 and paragraph 12 and paragraph 12 .
Paragraph 7 refers to the desire , but a legal framework for the problems that will arise in this new market .
This was the main reason of this initiative initiative .
Why ?
The paragraph 12 calls for the idea of making a specific assessment of what could be published in terms of content .
This problem is once again and that would completely separate any separate policies .
This paragraph No 12 is in no way compared to paragraph 13 , because paragraph 13 is only asked to reduce or remove the existing ones which are available to books , in particular - in particular - in particular - the new e @-@ market - i.e. libraries on the new e @-@ market market .
This is not a contradiction .
On the contrary , this could represent important steps for the future , for this new market and for the original accounts .
That is why the Greens voted in favour .
Mr President , I voted for the report on electronic commerce which I have very carefully read , and I have thought that I agree with it .
I was somewhat surprised that , when I am speaking in the morning , I am speaking from a book on the part of my fellow Member in the Chamber . It is clear that it is , of course , the sound my voice that will bring this interesting and qualitative effect .
So I have asked : &quot; Why do we not see the manufacture of a electronic phone , which will not be read books , which will be read books .
I can also learn from such a terrorist sort of enterprise and you can learn , and it is those who are sorry , who would like to see , who would like to see and read these points of view . &quot;
.
( PT ) We have voted in favour of the report because we believe that it is an important issue and to promote the cultural and linguistic diversity of Europe , to promote and improve Europe &apos; s cultural and linguistic diversity , which is to protect general access to the environment and to the public &apos; s health and to reinforce the knowledge and public health .
We believe that the fight against teaching education and raising public awareness @-@ raising public awareness will be supported , and there are certainly technological developments which will ensure better protection of the welfare and rights of individuals , especially the quality of the authors and the rights of profession .
We must ensure that electronic commerce is fully taken into account and that this important area can be developed in addition to traditional economic operators , so that both fields can exist side by side .
I welcome the fact that the report highlights linguistic and cultural diversity and the crucial contribution to cultural development in the various European regions .
In view of this emphasis on linguistic and cultural diversity , I assume that the comments contained in the report include all languages in the report &apos; s name .
E @-@ commerce is particularly important for books , where there is a limited demand and , in this category , the material and books are in less old languages .
It is therefore important that the Commission and the Council take it into consideration when it deals with this report .
That concludes the vote .
Adjournment of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned .
( The sitting was closed at 12.15 p.m. )
Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday 3 February 2001 .
Agenda
The next item is the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents in the meeting of Thursday , 8 February pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure .
I have received no amendment on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday , but Mr McMillan @-@ Scott asked me to speak .
Madam President , I would like to comment on the draft regulation on European political parties .
The Commission wanted to make a statement on this issue last plenary in Strasbourg .
After all , she did not have done so and I have the impression that the Commission has now formed a view to the financing of European political parties .
This is particularly sensitive to this , as a result of this Parliament , which may not be regarded as a bad one for this type of financing , even if it is in favour of this kind of funding , even though they are in favour of .
Could you please ask the Commission to make a statement on this issue at some point .
Secondly , because we are discussing the agenda for Tuesday , I would like to express my concern that the European Parliament is planned for a debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , but not before this issue .
This is particularly important because , for 2001 , the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 contains some 200 measures which Parliament will discuss , but which will not adopt a resolution .
This is unacceptable .
A resolution should be created , particularly because we are obliged to monitor the Commission &apos;s work closely .
Finally , I would like to say that we should be able to make the work programme , which does not relate to the Commission &apos; s work programme .
Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , as far as the fact is that there is no motion for a resolution , the Conference of Presidents considers that there is no need for this in this way .
Madam President , may I be mistaken , but I believe it was really intended to adopt a resolution .
But first of all , we should submit the work programme to the competent parliamentary committees on evaluation before we present a motion for a resolution which will allow the various committees to take their view .
I have understood that : there will be a resolution but not immediately .
Madam President , it is not just a question of what Mr Cox understands .
For this reason , it is unacceptable to present a resolution which contains all these points , which we agreed on , that the relevant committees will look into the resolution closely and , as normal , be able to hold a resolution in April in April .
With regard to extending this programme to the Council , this will be an interesting point for the future , but the Commission and Parliament are currently dealing with this .
Thank you , Mr Barón Crespo .
So we will proceed accordingly .
As far as your second question is concerned , Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , there is indeed no Commission communication on the recognition of political parties .
If you wish to raise this issue on the agenda , we could ask the Commission to make a statement on Thursday evening .
Madam President , thank you for giving this extremely helpful proposal .
Unfortunately we are not going to be here too many of us here .
It would be helpful if the Commission takes account of this morning &apos; s statement tomorrow and tomorrow morning on the Commission &apos; s programme programme for 2001 - or on the work programme for the Commission and Parliament .
Relating to Thursday :
President .
I have received a request from the Group of the Party of European Socialists that , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , to remove the Commission &apos; s oral question on the anti @-@ proliferation clause in Ireland and France .
Madam President , we put this request for two reasons : a parliamentary and political policy .
Parliament &apos; s work is in the work of the committees in this Parliament .
At present , the review of all Stability and Growth Pact is the subject of all stability and stability programmes , as well as substantial improvement in the major economic guidelines in the parliamentary Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , which I am not mistaken - his report in April .
This question is therefore related to an environmental activity .
Secondly , there is a political reason .
The problem raised by the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) of the European People &apos; s Party has come to the fore in Ireland .
The problem at the Conference of Presidents was that France was in favour of this .
And if we take account of the relationship between the parties in government and the opposition parties , then the debate will take place on Thursday , not just a few minutes ago - to the fifteen Member States , but there is no doubt about this .
For this reason , we believe it would be advisable for Parliament to adhere to its rules and , in accordance with the logic which has reached agreement .
Madam President , it is understandable that Mr Barón Crespo &apos; s Conference of Presidents intends to revise the Conference of Presidents .
That is completely permissible and legitimate and I would like to make it another issue .
I hope , however , that it is not a majority , because it is not a breach of parliamentary procedures , but we want to have information from the Commission .
This will not jeopardise the future of the normal work in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy .
But we now want to have information from the Commission at this stage .
Moreover , the Council of Ministers continues to continue and why we are not going to hold a lengthy discussion on this issue , especially as - and I would like to ask all of you to consider the question against this question - we do not have a decision .
Finally , we will not adopt a resolution , but information .
Moreover , Mr Barón Crespo knows that the debate at the Conference of Presidents has developed .
Mr Wurtz has put forward considerations - and we are not always in a coalition together with the Group of Mr Wurtz and our Group - but if there are points of similarity , why do you intend to do so ?
We have no hesitation in saying that there is no doubt , and I am therefore asking for this oral question to be dealt with in accordance with this oral question .
Madam President , I would like to ask a question on our agenda , which is why we do not have a statement on it or against .
This question is addressed , both in parliamentary and political terms , and also for another reason - to the President of the Party of European Socialists .
If the Commission or , more specifically , the Council will bring this week a precedent , should we not be as early as possible , as many as possible , as many as possible , and we should be informed of this fact as many as possible .
If the European Parliament really took a debate on such reorganisation for Thursday , then a debate should be held at the time when the debate was held at 5.30 p.m. , which I have taken part in 5.30 p.m. at 5.30 p.m. , which I have taken part in the vote on Thursday , which I have adopted .
Should the Commission and , of course , do the Council not call on the Council to comment on this issue at a time when we are able to deal with this particular point ?
I am afraid that Thursday evening is no optimum time for this .
Madam President , I would like to make a greater contribution to my opinion than Mr Poettering &apos; s statements can be found .
I would therefore like to clarify what this is about .
I am not aware of the deep reasons behind Mr Poettering or Mr von Wogau who asked that request , and I would like to ask a different question .
I think that this debate is very appropriate because it is the first time that the Commission is in the process of giving the Treaties the means of making a recommendation , in a sense , in a sense , a recommendation , in a rather political criticism .
In other words , Ireland is very firmly accused of being used to make the profits of growth in part of the growth of growth in part of the growth of growth .
This is a political question which deserves attention .
Indeed , we did not have the effect that , at the end of this debate , a resolution will be adopted in order to give the relevant institutions the opportunity to give the relevant institutions the opportunity to do what they must do , but I think this is a debate on this issue .
I would like to answer Mr Cox &apos; s response to his contribution to the fact that the Commissioner , Mr Solbes , has made it possible to make it available on Thursday at 5.30 p.m .
In any event , I do not dispute the fact that Members will follow the same point , provided that the point will be retained .
We hear Mrs Randzio @-@ Plath , because the Rules of Procedure suggest that , apart from the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , we will hear another speaker who has tabled the motion , and then we shall take a decision .
This is a very demanding process which requires extremely careful political assessment .
That is why , Mr Poettering , we need all information , but the information we have obtained , and I think that the information that we will obtain , is mainly in the written reports , and I think that this House would only be well advised to do so once again through his work .
I would like to remind you of the major problems we have in the Stability and Growth Pact here and that there have been major doubts about whether investment in education should be based on the deficit deficit .
At that time , it was not only members of the PSE Group , but also the PPE @-@ DE Group who has studied that .
That is why I really would like to advocate that we do not have a debate on this issue , which is what we have to do with the issue of a constitution , but that we are working on the committees .
We have done Mr Solbes in the committee , we will discuss this and have the opportunity here to make the report our rapporteur &apos; s report openly and openly .
I shall now take the request to vote on this question from the agenda .
( Parliament rejected the request )
That is the agenda of this part @-@ session and the next part @-@ session in Brussels and we can move on to the agenda .
Madam President , I would like to inform the honourable Member about a situation which has been included in the preparation of the agenda for discussion .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , and some others , had asked for the subject to be discussed in this week .
Unfortunately , the Conference of Presidents rejected this .
However , we have not made any effort to propose a recommendation against the agenda because we have been informed that some groups are in principle in favour of a discussion here in the European Parliament , but perhaps at another time .
We would like to engage in a dialogue with these other groups because we are not opposed to discussions and discussions , but we want to discuss the discussion .
We are , however , very disappointed that the Dutch Minister , Mrs Vachetta , has not received the debate and rejected an invitation to the effect .
This should not , however , prevent us with the other groups in the dialogue and perhaps submit a proposal for the agenda in March .
I just wanted to clarify this point because many issues have been discussed .
Madam President , I would just like to comment briefly on the accuracy of Mr Liese &apos; s book by Mr Liese , the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council .
That is completely not the case .
The Dutch Government and , furthermore , all Dutch MEPs are willing to engage in an open and honest debate on the facts of the facts , but not statements and remarks which are very hard on the ground .
We will give you these information .
I am sure that the Dutch Government is prepared to channel any information or debate in the Netherlands , in order to discuss the subject of the subject , which has unfortunately not been debated , but unfortunately she did not allow Minister to be here in this week .
Madam President , I would like to refute Mr Liese , who is all well aware of what we are all familiar with .
A number of political groups have indeed been organised by some political groups and Mrs Vachetta was invited to make this law more closely .
If Mrs Jackson cannot accept an invitation , you must simply look at whether they cannot come at a different time .
Then there is no question of words .
In any event , I think it is extremely helpful and also essential that the Dutch Minister for the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy will have clarity here , because our group is very concerned , as other groups , as other groups , are extremely concerned about the Dutch Ministry of Justice .
Madam President , I believe that the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the European People &apos; s Party will be reasonable , on the next Thursday , to discuss the difficult , difficult and extremely conscientious load @-@ makers .
In my own country , the Netherlands , we have had 20 years to discuss a social debate , and which we cannot , of course , have a very good and balanced social debate , which , of course , we cannot , of course , have just a group of Thursday evening .
Let us look at these things .
There is something else else .
We are talking about subsidiarity in this House .
This is a question of national criminal law , which the Dutch Parliament has decided to decide .
We should also be here in this House , and this House will always be in touch with it .
Madam President , as Mr Wiebenga is concerned , I am surprised that the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and Nordic Green Democrats have the view that the laws on the tax laws in Member States are a suitable subject for a debate at European level .
In the UK , the Conservatives were fairly quick to condemn European environmental legislation as an unjustifiable interference in national affairs and as a breach of the principle of subsidiarity .
There will certainly be a great deal to be heard of the general elections in the United Kingdom and months before the general elections in the United Kingdom .
I think it is very extraordinary that it is used to deal with the issue of a European Member State at European level and is the cause of the forthcoming election campaign .
Madam President , it is said that this is a question of subsidiarity .
It is indeed up to the countries themselves to legislate .
The question is , however , whether it is a breach of the anti @-@ European and international treaties .
We have this concern and it is our duty to discuss this issue and its cross @-@ border dimension .
That is what we are talking about , irrespective of the subsidiarity principle .
I can also read Mrs van der Laan &apos; s reply to Peter Liese , that is to say .
You can be seriously aware of the fact that the Minister for Health Affairs is not a proper decision to speak before us .
We are surprised that Parliament does not think it is the appropriate place to discuss this issue .
Madam President , I am very surprised that a colleague here is described as a question of subsidiarity .
We are all very proud of the fact that , in none of the European Union &apos; s Member States , the death penalty is not the death penalty , because human life is something we should all connect .
Madam President , I would very briefly like to comment on Baroness Ludford &apos; s statement on the question of whether or not there should be a debate on the electoral issue , and I think it is absolutely appropriate that Parliament should discuss the issue of averages .
Personally , I would recommend that there should be no vote at the end of this debate , and my delegation will be voting in favour of a vote without a free vote , because it is a question of a free one .
I would like to make it clear that my delegation in the EPP Group has not taken a position on this issue .
However , in the words of Baroness Ludford , I would like to express my support for the idea of the political security policy .
Madam President , it is quite clear that all the issues surrounding life and death are being thrown out of us in our own life and in our family that the issue of a death situation is the responsibility of which a death of death is leading to society .
We should , therefore , at least have the courage to listen to the opinions of the various parties with differing views on ethical principles .
There is not a party to these ethical principles alone , and not one party alone , but not a party which can be governed by the other , the Greens , the Greens and the Socialists .
If we want to discuss a serious discussion - an open discussion - and this is not the problem of subsidiarity , it is not the subject of subsidiarity .
The main issue is to give respect to something which is very much related to everyone .
The nature of the facts of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party in recent weeks , the tone which she has put forward and the name , which has been asked , was certainly not conducive to human rights violations .
That is a mistake .
If Mr Liese wants to engage in a discussion , he can do this , but it is not up to people to be able to hold a public debate .
We are happy to do that , but we are not prepared to participate in a single party attack on a purely party which plays a very important part in the Dutch and Belgian societies , with respect for the opinions of the Dutch and Belgian society , but in a manner that is extremely serious in terms of the opinions of the others , which can be carried out in a very cold manner .
In this debate , I would also like to ask the Members who speak of a different view .
We are therefore in favour of a debate , which , in our opinion , should be carried out under reasonable conditions , including the possibility of a whole range of civil and moral copies , because we believe that this is a fundamental issue in the ethical dimension .
I do not believe that this is just a matter for the Netherlands , but also in other Member States of the European Union .
This debate has been a great deal of time and has not yet been decided on , although it has been adopted several months ago .
So if such a debate is to be taken here , then it must be based on a very serious and effective approach .
Madam President , in principle I fully support the debate on the defence committee in this Parliament .
However , I would like to take this opportunity to tell you that many people in my own constituency in Ireland are deeply concerned that a Member of the European Commission has been engaged in the actions of the new American Government , with a Swedish ministers on behalf of the new American Government , which aim to provide financial support for regional aid programmes in less developed countries .
As far as the question of subsidiarity is concerned , we are illegal in Ireland and we are opposed to this - and we are opposed to the European Union - that money is used for export products .
On the contrary , we in Parliament would like to see that abortion should never be used as a means of contributing to family planning and for that purpose .
At the conference in Cairo and the World Conference on Women &apos; s World Conference in Beijing .
I therefore wonder why a Commissioner is in a position to express an opinion in the same way that the same applies to the agreements which have already been signed , and the principle of subsidiarity must be ignored by means of my own country .
Madam President , in a plenary session a few weeks ago , Spain , specifically in Andalusia , 12 immigrants from African countries have found dead ; this has been found for some time next week for some time next week for next month , including women .
I could send you signals to you who were published in the Spanish press so that you can demonstrate the seriousness of this tragedy .
For years , Madam President , and I come to the end , Madam President , we believe that Europe is taking great hypocrisy all this policy at Rio , Mexico and the United States of America ; today , Spain and the United States , Spain and the United States , take place .
I believe that this Parliament must intervene in the Spanish Government and must acknowledge this problem as a European body .
We must not be blind to this serious problem .
That is why I would like to add to Mr Nogueira and say that the Spanish authorities and society are doing everything in our power to alleviate this appalling human suffering .
Madam President , I have a communication on you , Mrs Caroline Lucas .
She was arrested this morning at 5.00 p.m. , when they in Scotland attended a demonstration against a defenceless attended .
They are justified by the fact that , in many court rulings , which have been seen in the last time , it has been said that this type of mass @-@ destruction is perpetrated against international law .
As a Member of the European Parliament , they should not be arrested , while she is working on Parliament &apos; s meeting , and we ask you to take action on this matter .
In actual fact , the immunity of a Members or a Member can only be lifted after Parliament has debated the matter and , if we are debating it , Parliament should express its opinion on whether or not nuclear weapons violate international law .
Mrs Hautala , I can assure you that we are going to deal with the situation in detail .
Madam President , I would like to comment on Mrs Hautala &apos; s statement that Mrs Lucas has been arrested on her path to this plenary session .
It seems unusual to me that she was arrested on this morning , the south @-@ east of England , and the south @-@ east of England had been continuing to go along with the north and Dutch kilometres .
Instead of the British Government , which they have been arrested for whatever reasons , Mrs Lucas , who has been arrested on whatever grounds , should be described as a stallion and some of our observations .
Madam President , I should like to express my views on the same thing as to why the British Government does not make any difference .
At the same time , some Members of the European Union have been arrested by a number of Members of the Scottish Executive , some of the Members of the Scottish Executive , who justifies what the UK is calling for .
In relation to the MEPs , we have applied the same laws and they have been arrested together with the other .
We hope that they will have a reasonable period of time to preserve them in future .
Madam President , I am against the quite extreme remarks made by Mr Balfe .
The Scottish law authorises no one , as long as it is used .
The arrests taken at Faslane today have entered into line with current law and I am sure that the people concerned are released immediately .
My colleague , Mrs Lucas , should be given the opportunity to express its opinion on whether or not their immunity will also apply to this case , provided that there is serious doubt about the legality of nuclear weapons , as they already have before Scottish courts , as they have already been suggested before Scottish courts .
Madam President , I do not know whether the rules of this debate correspond to the rules of this debate , but I feel that , in my opinion , Mr Balfe will be morally committed to this , with Caroline Lucas and her actions .
Caroline Lucas has perhaps taken against the law , but I believe that the law has not been carried out , but , in particular , because , despite the fact that Mrs Lucas has not made a day , it has taken part in a demonstration of nuclear weapons which are harmful to us all .
I am grateful to Mrs Lucas and the other women who have been arrested , who have been arrested .
Madam President , first of all , I would like to thank you for the way in which the plane of Amsterdam to Strasbourg is tomorrow morning morning and on time .
I think that you have made a contribution to the French Government .
Thank you very much .
However , I would like to say a few words .
On 10 November , I have asked the European Commission to give preference to the preference of private stations in the Netherlands on 10 November .
This was three months ago .
I have not yet received any reply to these questions .
This is a very sensitive issue , and I understand that it is very difficult to answer Mr Monti , but the auctions will be held in the summer of this year .
I would therefore be happy to answer my question in this or next week .
I have already informed the relevant services , but there is still nothing to do with it .
Perhaps you can use me .
I would like to help you , but I have noticed that the Commission has taken full note of your speech and will certainly have positive implications .
Madam President , I would also like to say that the Portuguese Members who came to the bottom @-@ up of the Frankfurt morning have had to wait for a vehicle that was sent by the Heads of Basque Strasbourg , and then , even by the Italian colleagues who were sent to two hours , once again , 40 minutes to get to Strasbourg .
It is completely unacceptable that Members are treated more badly as cows or swine after the European rules .
I would also like to say that , in my opinion , Minister Moscovici has informed me that there will be two A1 sittings from Lisbon to Strasbourg , but Air France will not be in Lisbon .
Who is now higher : a member of the French Government or the French airline ?
We will look into this very closely .
Madam President , we thank Air France for the implementation of the Israeli Strasbourg @-@ Strasbourg Convention , but I would like to say that we probably had the Copenhagen @-@ Strasbourg flight .
This time was &apos; death , another bread &apos; .
I would ask you , Madam President , to reflect on whether Air France is not sufficiently familiar with the fact that Air France has not been sufficiently equipped as the outcome of the Copenhagen commission with &quot; rationalised &quot; .
I think you can be able to make clear improvements in the next few weeks .
I would just like to welcome a new Member of the European Parliament , Mr Avraham Burg , who , as you have done , is welcome from the same city as you have done , and I wish you to welcome his work in his work .
So we welcome these colleagues .
Madam President , I would like to ask for your attention .
We have 30 people here .
But if anybody wishes to speak on this side , almost never has been taken into account .
Mrs Flemming has quite rightly announced .
I just wanted to ask the House to look at the right side of the House when she comes to comment .
We are all taking account of the House , Mrs Schleicher .
However , it is perhaps not known that the amendments are only after the adoption of the agenda .
That is a rule which I believe was very good indeed .
It has been requested by many Members , and when I proposed it , I thought they could support it .
So , on the basis of the adoption of the agenda , we are now tabling the agenda and we are in fact in favour of it .
Indeed , you will not fail to fail to hear that there was not many speeches about this .
However , as I do not understand this , I shall pass the honourable Members with the floor .
Madam President , I would like to inform both you and the entire House that a delegation from relatives in Brussels last week was sent to visit people in Brussels .
In the discussions with the groups , it has repeatedly raised the fate of the negotiators in a clear humanitarian sense .
27 years after 1974 , there are still many - more than 1 - cases of people whose lives are unknown .
The people of these people have the right to know exactly what you have done .
Since the efforts , even in intervention by the United Nations , have not had any purpose , I would ask whether the European Parliament could be able to deal with this problem .
Madam President , would you like to be so kind as to send a message of message from my own constituency in my own constituency who was second on the world &apos; s agenda ?
I know that one of you , a dead , has won the running .
He was very a kind of thing .
I and many others would be very grateful if you would like to congratulate both sides on our name .
Request for the waiver of the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro
The next item is the report by Mr Zimeray ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request for the waiver of the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
, deputising for the rapporteur .
( ES ) Madam President , Mr Ribeiro e Castro , Mr Ribeiro e Castro , was to be punished in the framework of an anti @-@ border officer , according to the Portuguese code of conduct and following the law No 58 of 1990 .
The cause of this procedure was a partial impact on the trade practices of an private insurance company , which took place on 16 February 1995 , which , Mr Ribeiro e Castro , has been sent on 16 February 1995 .
It has claimed that the Agency had no serious competence and , for the most part , excessive charges for undeclared work .
The Agency tabled by Mr Ribeiro e Castro , and against other employees of non @-@ governmental organisations , is going to take recourse to compensation .
parliamentary immunity is not the prerogative of a Member of the European Parliament but to guarantee the independence of Parliament and its members with other powers .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market believes that the waiver of parliamentary immunity has no legal value .
The case of the treatment procedure was back in May 2000 , and the mandate of Mr Ribeiro e Castro was taken in May 2000 and the mandate made by Mr Ribeiro e Castro was just as follows on 17 November 1999 .
A great deal of time has passed between the crime of the crime and the presentation of the motion for a resolution , and this Parliament has always recognised immunity , and this Parliament has always recognised immunity , and this Parliament has always approved the waiver of its parliamentary immunity .
Consequently , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market therefore recommends Article 6 , 4 and 6 of the Rules of Procedure , and following the reasons for lifting the immunity of the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
Mr President , I am surprised that some Members of the European Parliament have been arrested in the area of a European Union in the area of a European Union , and I believe that this is a very serious matter , which is something which we have just debated and which we have just debated and which we have just debated for a long time in the Legal Affairs Committee .
However , on the subject of the subject , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market proposes that Mr Ribeiro e Castro should not waive Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
This proposal is based on the content of the Treaties , and I would like to refer to the content of the Treaties .
From this point of view , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market therefore calls for Parliament to adopt the report by Mr Zimeray .
However , I cannot , however , have the opportunity to point out two problems which , I repeat , have to reflect on this Parliament and all the MEPs .
The provisions laid down in Articles 9 and 10 concern the European Community members of the national parliaments , as Members of the national parliaments have clearly been members of the national immunity .
It must be noted , however , that the European Parliament has a major role to play in institutional balance today , which is why it is extremely important to guarantee its full independence vis @-@ à @-@ vis the Member States .
Mr President , I do not want to sooner or later , in any other country of origin , to ask for political asylum in any other than my country of origin , but , in particular , I believe that the communication on the arrest of a Member in Scotland should be given clear information .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
loading and unloading operations from Tarbert to citrus by accident
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a directive from the European Parliament and the Council on the safe roadside rules for ensuring that , 2000 - 2000 - 2000 - 2000 / 2046 - 2000 / 0121 ( COD ) &#93; .
Mr President , the accident caused by the oil tanker caused by the French coast before the French coast has now been working on a year ago .
There is less emphasis on the public and the policy which is taking place , and the policy on transport , in particular , is the transport of telephone equipment , particularly shipments and coal .
The environmental damage caused by a wreck of this category is low , but this is a much more death .
Let us look at the accidents more closely : 146 accidents over the last ten years in the last ten years , where involve breathing .
They have been 69 % over 15 years .
There are two main reasons for these accidents .
The first is the lack of professional expertise and , secondly , the bad physical constitution of ships .
This is a harm which is caused by the end of the radiation , which is caused by the result of the damage caused by the end of the day .
This problem has been recognised at international level .
The International Oil Programme , the IMO , has developed the telecom @-@ style and verifiable code , the code of conduct .
This includes both quantitative and verifiable signals which came before , while and according to the local and managerial spheres .
The IMO is calling for all its countries to be able to apply this inter @-@ state code to apply to their own territory .
With the proposal for a directive , the Commission wishes to make it heard on behalf of the Member States .
You are saying that the code of conduct , with some changes in the legislation on legislation .
Firstly , the main concerns of a representative of the transport penalty , secondly , are the construction of a telecommunications market and , thirdly , the construction of a telecommunications market and , thirdly , the right @-@ wing intervention of the competent authorities in the case of a difference between ship and country .
Furthermore , the Commission proposes as the counterpart of the so @-@ called Saudi cargo code for ships - that is an electoral system for ships - that is a non @-@ mandatory requirement .
The Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism is the Commission &apos; s proposal for a step in the right direction .
It will not prevent all accidents because the serious damage caused outside the European Union is often to be avoided .
However , the sector makes a change , responsibly and responsibly , and therefore unnecessary against unnecessary convictions .
It is precisely because the problem , as the sector , the sector , has a global dimension , is an international solution .
We therefore support the adoption of the penal code in the Community legislation .
It is important that the text of the directive as close as possible to the standard procedure is to prevent distortions of competition between EU Member States and third countries .
Although we agree with the Commission &apos; s proposal , it will be improved in certain areas .
In the light of the number of victims , I would like to start by pointing out the need to guarantee the safety of the occupation .
In this respect , a number of changes to the text are highlighted .
Secondly , the captain bears a high responsibility .
That is why it must be consistent with all the information and it is important that it should be possible to decide whether or not before or not .
Moreover , the classification companies must also be charged with the selection of the classification industry , as they often have to assess the situation of a vessel .
They can only be able to do this if they have sufficient information .
Thirdly , the role of the competent authority , which hears the irregularities during the polling or stewards , or that is to say .
It must then be obliged to suspend the whole procedure to ensure the safety of ship and managers .
Fourthly , it is all well known that the capacity for the port of port , the Port of oil cargoes , originates from the Member States is not enough .
This directive gives rise to additional tasks .
The Commission must therefore ensure that these tasks are actually carried out .
Finally , a few comments on Amendments Nos 14 , 13 and 16 , we have already said that we must comply with the text of the Treaty &apos; s text in order to comply with a distortion of competition and lack of clarity .
In this respect , Amendment No 14 does not , however , mean that I cannot support it .
Amendment No 13 has already been discussed .
The heading of execution is a tool for the transfer of water .
Information on local dictatorships does not constitute it .
In the same way , agreements in the IMO have already been made on the compulsory use of a contract .
Its journey is in the Erika package .
If a merger was issued on board , it is , moreover , the job of the supplier and not to control the transfer of land operators .
And , of course , there is no need for this .
In short , you will understand that I do not accept Amendment No 13 .
I hope the honourable Members will understand the reasons for this .
I cannot support Amendment No 16 by Mr Simpson and Mr salmon .
In this respect , there are countries outside the European Union which have not been agreed internationally .
That is not possible .
It is also working on this .
I hope that the reassurance of those who have tabled the amendments .
If we adopt this report in a very limited way , I believe that we have substantially improved the guarantees for the safety of cocoa @-@ producing goods and their crew .
Mr President , allow me to start by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , on this excellent report and thank the Commission for its great commitment on this important issue .
Over the past few years , the Commission proposed various measures to improve the safety of maritime safety , a number of accidents which have been asked for a number of accidents which have been asked for human lives .
One can , as far as I had many contexts - deplore the fact that the European Union has often reacted to the damage caused by the European Union rather than trying to do so , rather than making efforts to do so .
Following the Erika I followed the Erika II , and there is probably still more .
In the coming months of this part @-@ session , Parliament will certainly make a position on further reports in this area .
This report concerns safety in relation to assessing and unloading operations .
There is no doubt that over the last ten years there was a particularly serious amount of accidents over the last ten years .
A number of reports and statistics confirm this , and the rapporteur also points this out .
Over half of all accidents were caused by environmental degradation , often as a result of a lack of adequate maintenance , but often by mistake in the local and educational capacity .
The International Oil Programme ( IMO ) has dealt with this problem over the last ten years .
In a special report , it calls upon Member States , classification companies and companies to keep more down to errors in the local and educational worlds .
There are also several transitional measures in this context .
Mr President , it is important to see this problem in a wider context .
The number of transport has risen .
A bigger proportion is being made from Central and Eastern Europe and from third countries .
This development will soon be high priority for the safety of the cargo soon .
This applies not only to the transport of goods but also for other maritime transport and other transportation .
The defects in the cargo are a more serious problem for transportation in transport and roads and railways .
The Commission therefore should make proposals to solve these problems .
This is primarily a global issue , not mainly a problem of the European Union , but it is important that the Commission is addressing this type of issue in the IMO and in other international contexts .
Mr President , I would be grateful if the Commissioner could comment on this in the future .
Mr President , on behalf of my group , I would like to make a general suggestion about the nature of the Commission &apos; s content , namely the directive and the content of the proposal .
The subject of international organisations has already been approved : international organisations have already managed to prevent the principles and rules of a very controversial piece of work , both by the rapporteur and by Mr Stenmarck , which has unfortunately been mentioned .
However , these provisions are not binding , as the Commission has said , and this is precisely the problem .
That is why we must intervene at European level with a code of law based on these provisions and guarantee its commitment to all Member States .
In the context of defining European legislation , the Commission is right to take account of the international rules and , in particular , the monitoring of environmental legislation , in particular , with the prevention of accidents at the delicate phases of the monitoring process and the problem of safety safety .
The amendments adopted in the committee are in the right direction and , in particular , the competent authorities must take a duty , not just the right to prevent the local or anti @-@ terrorist transfer , if the safety of the vessel is threatened .
In addition , damage to the risk of the vessel , which could affect the safety or reinvigoration of the vessel , is the decision on the necessity and urgent urgency of the repair of repair .
On the other hand , in the case of ships , and in particular the fact that ships are still fairly low , I propose that I propose the amendment presented by Mr Simpson and Mr Watson , on behalf of my Group , to replace the proposed amendments and the word &apos; qualifications &apos; .
Finally , it is important that this legislation should enter into force as quickly as possible and that the Member States use their real application .
In spite of the fact that , despite the existing European and international rules , the Member States are becoming increasingly responsible for implementing it .
We are therefore voting in favour of the Commission &apos; s request to apply these rules from 1 January 2003 by the Member States .
Mr President , I would also like to thank Mr van Dam for his report .
We support the Commission &apos; s proposal .
There are indeed international rules , a kind of voluntary agreement , but they either do not have sufficient compliance with it .
When we talk about safety in the electoral process , we note that many accidents have occurred in recent times .
This is why we need to take action in this respect .
We therefore support the report drawn up by Mr Van Dam .
My group has two comments .
We will not support the proposal for the inclusion of Amendment No 13 .
This is about assessing and unloading operations from ships and not by ships .
So there is no question of the problem of traffic safety .
The Erika @-@ II package concerns the Erika package .
Secondly , I have tabled an amendment with Article 8 .
We have a duty to break up with a non @-@ governmental or partial suspension .
I think it is appropriate .
I also welcome the fact that the Member States can determine who is responsible for this inspection .
However , if we receive a privatised investigation of these powers , it may well also be a commercial interest in local and managerial interests in the local economy , which is why we find ourselves well .
Therefore , in our opinion , the Member States should be able to retain this control in certain cases including the competent authorities .
In addition to these two points , we can support the proposals in general .
Safety at sea is very important .
We must invest in it .
Mr President , Commissioner , you have said that there should also be investment in people , both in the field of controls and other controls , and in the event of the vessels who have to understand their employed , and I believe that this is an important element in the safety of the sea .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr van Dam !
It is a very good report .
The Commission too has done a good job . In particular , we are now familiar with the background of accidents such as the Erika , but , in the light of the knowledge , 8 000 ships do not fulfil standards and constitute a huge surplus on our seas .
As has already been said , 146 boats have fallen in ten years &apos; time .
This means that there are more deaths .
This also means that major parts of the seas can be polluted .
From this 146 accidents , which have already been mentioned by several Members - this is a third of the damage caused by alcohol and one third of charge .
There is no need for us to go into the transport market now .
This has been done before us so far , especially on double hulls .
In the knowledge of the knowledge that the operators should be able to take account of a telephone and telephone policy , which must be monitored and monitored , we are subscribing to the consideration of the inclusion of the so @-@ called tachographs package in this amendment .
However , we would like to make an observation of the Commission , for who is in the process of having a few European ports in the steel sector , in the steel sector and , in the steel industry , what happens there .
It will not be just as bad in the terminals for terminals for transport , it will also take place in ships , and this type of repair can cause damage .
In my opinion , this report sets out a solution to the effect that the whole issue of education is not resolved by the whole issue of education .
However , it has not been mentioned , however , that a proportion of journey is part of the shop and street itself .
It is not reported that a ship or a super @-@ smoking is going to be found in a ship , whether or not a ship has arisen in a ship .
In view of the fact that , in particular , you will remember the debate on oil tankers over 15 years , and we noticed that the age of age is not always a reference to the age of the age - the most serious problems that have occurred on these accidents , and I would like to point out the Commission that it should be borne in mind that , in any way , they have to be carried out .
Finally , I would like to say that we agree with the way in which the other problems of the report are resolved , questions relating to ISO monitoring and , above all , Community law , which are now included in some of the specified codes of conduct .
Madam President , first of all I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the entire Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for the work carried out in this directive .
This is a directive which , as the rapporteur has clearly pointed out , will be introduced in the so @-@ called master procedure for safe and harmonised Rules of Procedure for safe assessing and unloading operations which are already applied in the World Anti @-@ Doping Agency ( IMO ) , but for which there is no legal provision which would arise in Community law .
Having said that , I would like to say that we can accept most of the amendments proposed by the rapporteur and by the various groups , namely that we accept Amendments Nos 2 , 5 , 8 , 10 and 15 .
On the principle of principle , we accept Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 6 , 9 , 9 , 11 and 12 , but we will have to examine the conditions under which they will be included .
However , we cannot accept Amendments Nos 4 , 13 , 14 and 16 for reasons which I will explain to the following the following .
Firstly , because Amendment No 4 serves to be considered by the competent authority in order to be able to be able to be informed of the local and physical treatment of adult managers .
We cannot accept this amendment if we take account of the principle of subsidiarity .
It is important not to interfere in the powers of the Member States to appoint the proper implementation of the relevant authority to ensure the proper implementation of the directive and the task of mediating between the captain and the representative of the actors in the case of contradictions for the most suitable way .
Amendment No 13 does not , however , detract from the fact that , with the representative of the negotiators , it will be able to be responsible for examining the rules in the light of the provisions of the so @-@ called slang contract or to be an appropriate body .
I would like to make it clear that , in particular , we will be able to ensure that , in particular , we will ensure that the latter proposal can be maintained by the latter proposal .
It is true , however , all ships .
In particular , the intention is to ensure that the new merchant transit networks from 1 July 2002 , on 1 July 2002 , have already been used in service relief , with 20 000 deaths and 20 000 tonnes between 1 000 and 20 000 sister @-@ year olds .
Amendment No 14 , which refers to a point of view of the technical text , is contrary to the illiberal code , the definition of rules and harmonised Rules of Procedure for ensuring that the task of the vessel and the representative of the directive is , because it refers to the common responsibility of the vessel and the representative of the negotiators on certain aspects of the task of the vessel .
Finally , we cannot accept Amendment No 16 , which calls for the introduction of qualifications to the ship , which calls for the international convention ( the international Convention on training , the issuing of detainees and the treatment of premiums ) , which would mean discrimination on flight crews .
Finally , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the whole committee once again for their work .
This is one of the initiatives presented in the year by the Commission to improve the requirements for improving the requirements for safety at sea , even if it does not prevent all kinds of shipping disasters , even if it does not prevent all kinds of shipping disasters because it is difficult and there are always reasons which are outside our control .
As has already been pointed out , there is a number of people who have been forced into accidents in the past ten years , in the case of overbooking .
It is clear that we cannot accept this without judging the measures to guarantee safety standards .
We are not just talking about the problem of marine pollution , which was covered by double @-@ border ships ; we talk about something which goes beyond the safety of flight safety on grazing and ships which start our coasts .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are once again in the fight against unfair competition , which does not meet the rules or when it occurs that they do not meet the rules or controls , if they are to be checked and monitored , we must take account of the way in which we take account of what is happening and running out of time .
I believe that we have dealt with the environmental situation in the Community area with all these measures and we can tell you that the year 2000 was the year of the sea sector in some respects .
We have heard what we have said in order to obtain the proof of the proof of the proof in the field of discharge in writing , and I assume that the Commission will give the green light tomorrow .
In 2001 , we will continue to continue our work in the maritime area , and we will have the courage to give the highest momentum to the highest dynamism and every effort to ensure that this area is a part of the most environmentally friendly and environmentally friendly intermodal transport .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Certainly safety in maritime transport and prevention by ships
Mr President , the problems of the safety of sea transport and the protection of the marine environment have been dealt with by ships in the pollution of ships .
A number of accidents which have been carried out in the past , but also environmental disasters have been held at the last time .
The European Union already has a set of relevant directives and regulations .
At the same time , however , the European Union must take account of the legislation adopted by international organisations and to adopt a position on this , in a very short time , so that the Member States can fulfil their international commitments .
We need broad need to rationalise the European Union &apos; s tasks in the area of transport of maritime transport and guard behaviour .
The European Commission therefore submitted two proposals to this proposal : a proposal for a regulation and a proposal for a directive .
The proposal for a regulation aims to replace the existing committees on the issues of maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by means of a single committee with a single Committee on maritime safety .
The other existing committees which have similar tasks are being resolved .
By setting up this committee , the Member States will be able to facilitate the implementation of the amendments in question .
It should also be pointed out that the Committee on Agriculture &apos; s Committee on maritime safety &apos; s powers in accordance with the regulatory committee , which is based on Council Decision No 1999 / 468 / 468 ) .
As you know , this regulatory procedure falls within the scope of the European Parliament , but also to include the Member States .
At the same time , the European Commission is calling for a procedure which allows for the law to be implemented , even when an international change of provisions is increased or decreased .
It is therefore only possible to enter into force the provisions of the Committee on maritime safety in the field of maritime safety , in order to ensure that the adoption of the international convention is harmful to a Community legislation which is required in the European Union .
This is the underlying idea of Article 4 of the proposal for a regulation .
The proposal for a directive now aims to refer to the &apos; Committee on maritime safety &apos; in the directives , which is obviously necessary .
The European Commission &apos; s proposal is to be welcomed because it is an attempt to rationalise and improve the functioning of Community legislation and international law in matters of maritime safety and environmental prevention .
With some of the amendments , the text is intended to clarify the text and ensure that the rights of the European Parliament be guaranteed to participation in the regulatory procedure .
Finally , I would like to thank the members of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for their exceptionally constructive observations and for the unanimous support of my draft report .
Mr President , the speeches made here this evening show the importance of the fight against &apos; Air Korean &apos; industry and I believe we need to continue our efforts .
In fact , I have made my regret about the work of the French Presidency in connection with maritime safety issues .
I had expected a great deal from this presidency because he was really extremely concerned , but I was deeply disappointed .
I therefore hope that , because of what we are going to do within Parliament , we will not cease to take account of the wording of the Commissioner , and to ensure that the safety of maritime transport is increased .
For Europe is significantly lagging behind in the field of safety at sea .
For this reason , it is not enough for the American waters to be protected from the American waters , and without an effective Parliament &apos; s effective action , the risk that other ships are suffering from our coasts .
This is , unfortunately , a month .
I therefore hope that we will soon be able to adopt a genuine kind of action in which all the measures needed to protect our environment are essential .
The report by Mr Bakopoulos , a very good report , is to create a Committee on maritime safety , which is a step in the right direction .
This is the first stage in the review of various instruments , which will be replaced by the five existing committees , which will enable the European Union to respond quickly to developments in international law .
I thank the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , for the amendments I tabled .
Of course , there are various areas in the field of maritime safety , and it seemed to me that the name of this committee also highlights the prevention of pollution by ships .
The protection against &quot; envelope &quot; also adds to the protection of the marine environment and the living and working conditions in feedingstuffs .
I therefore hope that the European Parliament follows this recommendation and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , and the prevention of environmental pollution by ships , can also apply to the Community &apos; s rules in these two other areas .
As soon as possible , I hope we will be able to change the rules in the case of disasters , so that the polluter @-@ pays principle can be applied specifically .
We need to monitor the classification societies in order to improve the quality of the checks carried out by them , and we must also ensure that the insurance directive is liable to take responsibility , which are too often due to the complicated legal and financial potential of criminal prosecution .
We have great hope in you , Commissioner , so that we do not care .
Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , this is the opportunity - Commissioner , and your team , Commissioner , for a very constructive and dynamic cooperation .
There is a good example of the last few days .
The final Lannoye of EU ports in the trans @-@ European networks has reached exceptional attention in the so @-@ called &quot; high @-@ call &quot; network , especially given the European dimension of these ports and providing incentives for the most remote region .
The solution that has been made by conciliation is acceptable , but I would ask , if there are at least , to be some good will at least to achieve a good will at least , because the boundaries are quite obscure .
The number of European ports will be able to thank you and we thank you for that .
It has been quite clear that the Commission and Parliament do not wish to carry out any action .
It is because we are discussing proposals to increase safety at sea .
In the light of the situation on the seas , we should not be working on the road .
The accident in the north @-@ island islands is only the last link in the chain of disasters with its harmful effects on nature and man .
Public accessibility is food , and regularly returned to the re @-@ electoral process .
We must make it clear to those who have been affected , that the problem in Europe is late , but it was also the case that , since we have been doing so for years .
Europe is doing something for safety at sea and the prevention of pollution .
This must be our clear signal to the IMO and the world , today and in the future .
In record time , the Commission has presented its proposals .
Last November , we adopted the Erika @-@ I package .
The Council has reached an agreement at the end of December ; the directive can enter into force from 2002 .
Erika II is the door and I am delighted that the second package will bring about real progress for safety at sea .
At this point , however , it should also be pointed out that the preparatory work on the ground will be carried out on the ground , i.e. the inspectors &apos; inspectors and the most powerful work .
At a visit last week , I was able to persuade my fellow Member to persuade me of the Piecyk system in the port .
The Auditors are faced with major requirements and expectations and we must support them .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report makes a valuable contribution to further progress made in safety .
It is a good thing for his hard work that in committee there was an explanation of vote .
I assume that the plenary will vote in favour of a similar vote with similar conviction .
I am not just speaking for myself , but for a broad majority , when I have already referred to the establishment of the regulatory committee for maritime safety .
I strongly support the second part of the Commission document because what is the point of the committee if the current directives and regulations are not adapted to the new structure ?
We do not need an individual body , we need administrative clarity not only to be a dozen or dynamic structure , but I think that we will have a clear and dynamic structure in Europe , and I think that we will have a good and dynamic model in the world .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as the rapporteur mentioned , two proposals from the Commission are being submitted to us today . The first relates to the establishment of one directive on maritime safety , and the second one directive on the revision of the existing directives in relation to the introduction of this committee .
The aim of all , as the honourable Members have pointed out , is to adapt existing international legal instruments in the field of maritime safety and the protection of the marine environment and the international legal instrument as well as technical progress .
We from the Group of the Party of European Socialists support these proposals to simplify and welcome the proposal that the current five committees should be replaced by one single type of transaction .
This committee will certainly contribute to a genuine and stronger inclusion of international law in Community law .
Consequently , we call on both the term and the Committee &apos; s institutions to adopt the two dimensions of safety issues and the prevention of pollution .
Finally , I would like to respond specifically to another aspect of the discussion , namely the involvement of the European Parliament in these initiatives .
It is essential to guarantee the right of the European Parliament to participate in the regulatory procedure .
We therefore ask the Commission to ensure that Parliament is always able to monitor the activities of the committees and , therefore , in the new Committee on maritime safety .
This is why we are also calling for the future Committee on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution through lack of transparency and extensive information .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for a successful report .
The increase in safety is particularly important .
Our group supports the fundamental lines of the report .
The proposed regulation and the directive makes it easier to apply international changes in Community legislation on maritime safety .
The problem has been slow so far that the Community &apos; s legislation has been slow .
The purpose of the proposal is to overcome the problems mentioned .
The procedures must indeed be simplified .
The amalgamation of the various committees which have so far been different from working groups to a Committee on maritime safety is a right measure to make a clear approach to the treatment of matters .
Safety standards must be met , and the advantage of the minimum safety standards is to be met and the advantage of the draft regulation is to clarify the question of legislation and to increase legal certainty .
Emphasis , in the future , must be made easier for the Member States to implement the agreements and Community law on maritime safety issues .
However , the EU &apos; s ability to ensure that the Member States &apos; ability to act within the international grid network should be safeguarded .
It is also necessary in the future that the International Whaling Organisation should be given international work on the safety of maritime safety , provided that international agreements , conclusions and regulations are being decided upon .
Mr President , Commissioner , in principle my group , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , has , by Mr Bakopoulos , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , in favour of his report , which we fully support .
We also warmly congratulate the Commission on its proposal and welcome the establishment of this Committee on maritime safety , which is the use of 12 directives and three regulations excellent to reconcile and coordinate .
You , Commissioner , have been committed to this , the earth and the sea , and ultimately you will achieve it .
I hope that you will succeed .
Our group will support you in this .
In my opinion , the most liberal and substantive principle must be reserved for these directives to ensure that these directives and international conventions constitute an increase in environmental safety , as proposed by this Committee on maritime safety .
We will give you a number of recommendations .
In our opinion , this Committee on maritime safety must not only be a committee which is more or less good , but it must include the sensitivities between non @-@ governmental organisations , environmental organisations and labour organisations , which are worthy of them .
We therefore await special emphasis on these areas , and I would like to ask you two questions : how should the work be done between the Committee on Agriculture and the European Agency for safety at sea , which will shortly be set up in the near future ?
Will this committee also deal with the three regulatory initiatives of the Erika II initiative ?
Mr President , the Committee on Agriculture , on the pretext of establishing better application of legislation on the safety of ships , the protection of the marine environment , the protection of the marine environment and the living conditions of working and working conditions on board , is also based on the reactionary nature of the European Union &apos; s policy .
The European Commission &apos; s proposals contain guidelines which undermine the role of such international organisations such as the International Federation and the International Labour Organisation .
In fact , it manages to participate in the European Union &apos; s refusal to adopt amendments or resolutions involving amendments or resolutions , even though they are obliged to enter into the international law .
As a citizen of Europe &apos; s interests , the European Commission is opposed to the change of international law on the basis of international law , which has been developed in the world of war , and the safety of safety , even the lives of human beings and the environmental protection of the monopolies .
We are not only opposed to those measures which are not effective , but also against actions which are not effective and , as far as the numerous fatal and flood problems are concerned , the deep cause for concern and the deep @-@ scale response to the public , of the state of movement of workers and labour union forces .
Furthermore , the attempt to create the European centre centre in the field of economic policy and sales , with the United States , Japan and Australia , a specific mechanism for monitoring maritime transport , such as the United States , Japan and Australia , is also undermining the International Oil Centre .
This leads to the general principles of discrimination which threatens effective and fundamental safety in maritime transport .
The main problem for the safety of ships and , more specifically , oil is the gateway to the transport sector and the policies which are also encouraging at national , regional and international level .
Not only is it possible , however , to go beyond these frontiers .
An example of this is the situation in which the vessels of flags of convenience are directly due to vessels which are directly due to environmental safety , which are directly due to most and worst accidents .
In our opinion , the policy aimed at the safety of ships , passengers , flight safety and the protection of the environment must be directed at the most important level , and we have to take strict action against breaches of the legislation , which is based on the IMO and the international conventions and , above all , a huge amount of action , but above all impunity .
This policy must adapt to the composition of the vessels to the ships to improve the quality of living and working conditions on board and to establish the right of flight crews and the trade unions as well as establishing safety issues .
Thank you , Mr Staes .
The President wished to welcome your first contribution in this plenary session and for your activities as a Member .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his comprehensive report .
As a Member of the European Parliament , I am particularly angry for the scale of oil tankers in the Irish Sea .
Just two transportation of transport from the Netherlands in the sub @-@ incineration of Sellafield and Sellafield , and I have said that , in the course of the next few years , the Netherlands should be able to take 17 further such transportation from the Netherlands .
At the same time , the German Government has stated that it intends to continue the eradication of transport , according to federalism , and to continue to pursue this transportation until 1 July 2005 .
This means increasing the number of such transportation .
Even though the last two years of euros have been devastated by documents in the past two years , these transportation will now be resumed once again .
However , this happens to the fact that BNFL has been granted a penalty of 60 million to this crime .
I would like to express my satisfaction at the fact that the international opposition against the United Kingdom in Japan is increasing ever more .
It is particularly in use of a British ship in order to screen a British ship , followed up by a British ship , such as those who were to be released during the Chernobyl disaster .
The Observatory , a ship of British Nuclear Fuels , a ship headed by British Nuclear Fuels , seems to be quick , since the captain actually bothered to dispose of the flames of water in the near Cone near ancient Horn .
I think that the countries of the OSPAR Convention should now build wider international links with other countries with other countries with other countries with other countries , including those countries in South America and African countries .
Within the European Union , a environmental impact assessment must be carried out in the European Union where new roads , water water and waste treatment are concerned .
Until now , the British Government has denied the implementation of an international environmental impact assessment on the most important risks for the environment and the human health budgets .
I call on the British Government to initiate a comprehensive and comprehensive environmental impact assessment , with which the ecological risks of the transport of material materials in the Irish Sea are intended .
This should also be assessed by the European Commission .
Finally , I would like to say that , in the end , the reprocessing of reprocessing is stopped at Sellafield .
In the meantime , however , an international agreement must be reached which stipulates safety standards for such transportation .
My compliments to the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for his report .
Mr President , Madam Vice @-@ President of the Commission , the three minutes allocated to me are very sufficient for my opinion as this report , at least , is not controversial and , in any case , there is no disagreement between the exception , which is the rule .
With regard to international convention , the Commission will act as a result of rejection of the new &apos; Committee on maritime safety &apos; , but it makes it retrospective to the effect that the provisions will automatically enter into force .
I believe that this process will improve the current state of affairs , simplified and creates legal certainty .
In this respect , I do not think that Mr Bakopoulos has proposed his amendments to refer to the importance and presence of Parliament , but it has only proposed a few amendments with this extremely practical proposal and to ensure that Parliament &apos; s participation in the regulatory procedure is to be emphasised and to ensure that this is a very practical proposal .
We all here here today , Commissioner , seems less to vote in favour of Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report , which is , of course , a matter for us to express our sensitivity towards maritime safety .
We all know the three main reports of the Erika @-@ I package to safety at sea , namely safety , the closure of oil safety , namely the closure of the insurance sector and the third proposed proposal on the telecommunications market .
At the moment we will deal with the Erika II package with the three separate areas .
In this respect , the Commission &apos; s initiatives in this respect are very much more pressure on the International Atomic Energy Agency , more rapidly and more effective , and , finally , they are seeking solutions to international solutions which we are all hoping for .
Congratulations again again .
It is also sensible to prepare the right to implement the rules adopted by supranational bodies and only in Community law which helped to increase the level of safety that we want to see .
It is clear that the Commission &apos; s two proposals aim to facilitate the changes of the convention to the Member States in order to facilitate the provisions of the convention in the area of maritime transport and , hence , in the field of maritime safety than a new , single committee .
The rapporteur &apos; s excellent work and the spirit of the Commission &apos; s original intention , in the spirit of the original Commission &apos; s initial intentions , will be clearly identified in the spirit of the European Commission &apos; s initial intention to prevent the pollution of the marine environment by ships and the living conditions of living by ships .
The report under discussion also provides for the European Parliament &apos; s role to include the role of the European Parliament , which is why it should be disregarded .
In general terms , the Commission has made its proposals more efficient to implement and implement policies in the field of maritime safety and the prevention of pollution in the marine environment .
In our opinion , this effort will be given to the authors of the report and our aim of looking at complementary amendments , which I hope will be accepted by all the Members of the House .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , the issues relating to safety issues and environmental protection have led to more than a year ago since the Erika disaster .
Although the environmental disaster is a disaster for European sea transport , it had also had many positive consequences .
The public debate , which was linked to the accident with the accident , and the increase in political pressure is to increase legislation in the Union on maritime transport .
The Commission has been able to present a series of proposals for improving safety issues in the field of maritime transport to be dealt with in a very short space of time .
As my colleagues have already done , I would like to thank you , Commissioner de Palacio , for your active contribution .
I would also like to thank you for the establishment of an extended network of short sea shipping , as an important initiative of the foreign transport network , as an important initiative from the outset .
Even before the wreck and , in particular , the Union had quite comprehensive regulations for the safety of ships and the prevention of pollution by ships .
The fact is that it would probably never have happened to the accident of the Erika , if all the regulations already exist and have been complied with at the time of the current rules .
The Commission &apos; s proposal , which currently concerns the current existing committees , is also welcome by one committee to replace the maritime safety committees .
At the same time , the responsibility is to be clearer because the responsibility is transmitted to the other committee .
The new committee must also monitor the implementation of legislation and , in the same way , more dynamic , and the Union &apos; s role in the IMO and other international organisations .
With regard to the amendment of the regulation , the Commission is responsible for the right to assess whether an international change to the rules is a negative one in the field of maritime safety .
I support the Commission &apos; s proposal concerning the proposed procedure .
However , as the rapporteur points out in his report , it is particularly important , as the rapporteur points out in his report , to participate in the regulatory procedure .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , on his excellent work and to speed up the speed and efficiency which this process has been adopted .
I would also like to thank all the speakers and particularly Mrs Grossetête , who expressed the opinion of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , for their contributions and support .
Ladies and gentlemen , your congratulations to the Commission for their work throughout this year on sea transport , I will send your congratulations to the services of the Directorate @-@ General for energy and Transport , which will undoubtedly try to respond to the increasing demands of the citizens .
These demands have , of course , already been mentioned , but the Erika disaster has acted as a catalyst .
As has been said quite rightly , this proposal is intended to replace the relevant committees responsible for the safety of maritime transport , which is therefore an attempt to simplify , clarify and coherence .
They will all be replaced by one committee and , on the other hand , the updating of Community legislation on maritime transport will facilitate the development of the Community legislation on maritime transport .
I would like to express my appreciation for your work and your proposals , specifically in favour of the amendments which the Commission is pleased to take on a crucial role in the framework of the transport sector , which the Commission is glad .
The Commission will all accept all these amendments , which are the subject of the convention between the institutions , in its wording to adapt and include the documents relating to comitology .
We would also like to thank Parliament for the fact that the only committee whose creation we are proposing is not only to deal with the safety of maritime transport but also with the prevention of pollution by ships , which must be reflected in the Committee .
However , although we are prepared to include the pollution of ships in the name of the environment , the protection of the marine environment should not be included in general .
This is simply the case that , for example , pollution of the marine environment is also affected by the pollution of the marine environment , such as discharges from rivers in the marine environment , which may cause pollution from rivers to the environment , and the coastlines , which cannot lead to pollution in the maritime sector .
That is why we cannot accept this general definition , which would mean a different type of responsibilities which the committee does not work , but what we can , of course , do , is the specific addition of the environmental pollution carried out by ships .
We accept Amendments Nos 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 9 and 10 .
Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 7 and 11 must simply be made a few changes .
We can only accept Amendments Nos 5 and 12 because of this particular aspect of protecting the marine environment in connection with other problems raised by the marine environment .
Finally , I would like to say that , as Mrs Grossetête has said , we should not cease to cease .
We must continue to give further compensation to the transport of sea transport , which , as I pointed out on other occasions , is neither the time limit of ships or the quality of the contaminated tonnes of goods or the quality of these goods , which were comparable to a hundred years ago .
Mr Fitzsimons , for example , the problem of the transport sector has been mentioned and , of course , we have included the problem of the Erika II package .
Specifically , the directive on the Environment lays down the need to take account of the code of conduct , i.e. the use of radioactive materials .
We also want to answer - and I would like to answer Mrs Langenhagen and Mr Hatzidakis - that if there is a global sector , transport is maritime transport , which is what we have long ago .
More recently , air transport , but maritime transport has a greater tradition .
We must therefore ensure that the International Atomic Energy Agency is recommended to us .
In this respect , the countries of the Union are acting as a driving force in the way in which the transfer of housing and safety requirements and the safety requirements and the safety of flight safety and the demands for protecting safety safety and safety safety .
Mr Bautista Ojeda , I would like to answer that the Agency for safety at sea and the Committee on maritime safety have different powers .
The latter is strictly geared towards Community legislation on the safety of maritime transport and is limited to the Commission &apos; s proposals for the updating of directives and regulations for the updating of directives and regulations .
Consequently , a legislative function , while the Agency has no legislative function , has no legislative function and does not interfere in legislation , although it may be possible to make proposals .
It is a technical organisation of technical security services for the Member States and the Commission , which is a monitoring centre for implementing Community legislation , as the element of information and , therefore , transparency for the whole sector .
But it has no legislative function .
There are two different differences in this area .
I believe that the involvement of ports in the trans @-@ European networks , like some of you , is a key element in promoting integration or integration of all transport systems in the intermodal system , which we all want to achieve .
I would like to close by thanking you for your contributions and for your work .
Just a few minutes ago , Mrs Langenhagen said that the inspectors in ports are doing a great job .
I would now like to believe that , in recent times , the Commission &apos; s services , and of course the Commission responsible for maritime transport , work very hard .
Interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail systems
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the common position of the European Parliament and the Council on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system ( C5 @-@ 0324 / 2000 ) - 1999 / 0252 ( Ispra ) Mr Savary ) .
- ( FR ) I would like to thank you , Mr President , for the second reading of a report which is very important for the future of Europe in Europe and for the realisation of a Europe of Europe .
The last few months under the presidency of the Commission will certainly prove the key to the future of Europe &apos; s railways .
Following the conciliation procedure on the Swoboda / electricity reports , the opening up of the networks has now been opening up and the liberalisation of the networks .
We must now overcome the lack of technical coherence in various areas , and this is obviously not easy , but , of course , the networks have been set up with great national characteristics and in @-@ house manner .
The real aim of this draft directive is to guarantee technical and technical interoperability between the fifteen different modes of transport between the fifteen different networks .
The situation is very complex at present .
There are fifteen areas of electric tension , five and six different electrical tensions , various equipment , gauges , procedures , different types of information provision , different types of information available to the various railway companies .
And while opening up the road in road traffic , there is no doubt that there are existing gaps in the railways , all these technical obstacles are being overcome .
In 1996 , a first directive was adopted to be implemented more easily because it was a new network , the High Level Working System , and this demonstrates what is happening here today .
In this respect , it has been decided to develop the railway sector , the infrastructure for the railway industry , the infrastructure and industry for each season for interoperability .
For each of these forms of contract , there is a specification of specification , which will turn to the individual components in their own way .
We have a huge amount of work , and we have chosen to adopt a more effective approach .
As the work is so much time , it is important that there is a significant amount of time when it is possible to achieve this without causing difficulties and benefits in terms of a positive cost @-@ benefit ratio .
Basically , the method is based mainly on the following points : in order to make the various measures in order to achieve interoperability and assessment of costs , it is important to decide whether or not this should take place at a later date .
Progress must , of course , be necessary in particular on the information exchange , the procedures for cross @-@ border traffic , and in the course of a period of time , as a result of a convergence convergence process , as the problems relating to the construction of gauge , rolling stock and materials are to be solved .
I believe , ladies and gentlemen , that I would like to thank all Members who have helped this report because we have done a considerable job at first reading .
Seven amendments have been tabled and Parliament voted on it .
Of the 46 amendments - and I would like to commend the Council and the Commission of 33 ( 33 ) in the form presented in the form presented in the form of a comprehensive legislative process , that is to say that it is a very ambitious legislative process which will come to close time and with the vote .
The Council and the Commission have , in fact , approved a great many amendments in the vote with the users and staff of the candidate countries in the start of work on the part of the work and to make clear correction to the derogation as a number of countries with full law .
Furthermore , the Council has made a very important contribution to the safety and access of persons with low mobility of the future .
I personally welcome the fact that we have been able to prepare such a ambitious document as quickly as possible , with the European rail industry which is going to become a reality .
There are still two crucial questions to answer the issue of tariffs from road to rail and the question of the funding of infrastructures to rail transport , for example , for example , the need for intermodal platforms , for example , to enable us to make rapid progress in this area .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , two weeks ago in the association part @-@ session , we agreed on the so @-@ called railway package and agreed that this is a great success for Parliament and the European Community .
Tomorrow , we shall vote tomorrow at second reading on the Savary report on the interoperability of the railways in Europe .
The harmonisation of technical standards is the necessary and important prerequisite for ensuring safe cross @-@ border rail routes .
At first reading all the parties have done a great deal of work and work in this very technical proposal , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Savary , for her work .
Things have been satisfied by the Council , until a few exceptions have been made , all of Parliament &apos; s amendments .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and the European People &apos; s Party will return to the majority of the amendments , as is the reason why we have no further amendments at second reading .
I had proposed an amendment which was adopted by Parliament at first reading , but the Council has not been able to go again in committee .
There are four votes to be adopted .
It was a question of establishing authorisations and certification facilities for consultation with independent external certification systems .
Against the background of this amendment , the background to this amendment is , in addition , well @-@ known , non @-@ economic interests in some Member States , many serious incidents which may perhaps be due to an inadequate assessment .
These authorisations and tests have been carried out in part , partly by the non @-@ governmental themselves , and not independent third @-@ country .
In the debate in committee all the parties , including the Commission , expressed great understanding of this point .
However , the wordings which have now been elected in Articles 18 and Annex 7 are the cause of our concern , but we cannot be satisfied today .
The Commission &apos; s pledge , independent and rigid authorisation and maintenance of forests in the textile sector should be dealt with as quickly as possible , and it deserves no further amendment to this House and will not table any further amendment in plenary .
However , in future , we will be very careful to ensure that the Commission keeps the promise of promises .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to address my specific comments .
I would , of course , like to congratulate Mr Savary on his very good work , which is so good that we can now conclude them and not even to the very exciting conciliation procedure .
However , I am very pleased that we have been pleased about the rail package which we were able to adopt recently and which , in addition to Mr Jarzembowski and myself , have done a great deal of time , together with Mr Jarzembowski and myself , to which the Commissioner has contributed greatly .
Not only is there a clear compromise but a really good package !
Secondly , is the question : can we be satisfied ?
Is this what happened to the railways ?
Mr Savary has already pointed out that there are still a few open things open .
The Commissioner has already announced a number of areas relating to the question of opening up the markets of goods and passenger transport , and I think this is very important in terms of the issue of working conditions and the environment .
The big problem is competition between rail and road .
What we have now achieved and tomorrow means that we will make the railways more competitive .
All those who talk about competition must also be said : competition means that competition means that competition conditions , conditions of competition are fairly equal , and this is certainly not true by rail and road .
When we talk about sustainable development , the environment will focus on sustainable development , as well as a proposal on the European Union &apos; s energy dependency , to reduce this energy exchange , in particular with regard to the European Union &apos; s energy dependency .
I am not saying that it would be a great deal to give priority to rail , because it would be a great deal if we were to give the railways the same level of competitiveness as the roads .
These issues are , however , crucial to enlargement .
If we see how bad a situation in the candidate countries in the candidate countries , the railways are , in fact , the situation of the railways , then we must do everything possible to overcome these problems not only at European Union level , but also at EU level .
Because the best and most lucrative , economic service in the Western part of this continent is nothing if we do not want to improve too much in Eastern and South @-@ Eastern Europe , and the European Union must make a major contribution to this .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate Mr Savary on his work which he has done in this important but difficult and difficult report .
Together with the reports adopted this week , the report on the liberalisation of railways is a breakthrough in the development of European railways .
It was launched during the Finnish Presidency and that France continued to be successful .
The improvement of the railways is essential so that the saturation of railways can be reduced to motorways and airports .
The development of rail transport is also a step towards a step towards the environment .
Improving the interoperability of the railways is a necessary precondition to the successful implementation of the whole ecosystem .
It has been too long , but Mr Savary has now managed to resolve these difficult problems .
We still have a great deal to do , but the start is now made .
Our group supports Mr Savary &apos; s proposal , the common position of the Council in this form .
It has been taken into account in this Parliament &apos; s most important amendments and that is how it can be consolidated quickly .
At the same time , we must not forget that the interoperability of the railway networks is a curse to competition .
It is therefore important for the implementation of a timetable to set up a timetable and to determine the networks which are really essential .
I would also like to thank Mr Savary for having recognised the special needs of Finland .
The compromise reached on Russian wagons in circulation between Finland and Russia is jeopardised in the objectives laid down in the report , but it does not guarantee the further transport of transport in the Mediterranean countries of the Union .
I believe that the importance of this solution to the whole of the Union will be clearly visible if we start to start the enormous natural resources of the north @-@ west of Russia .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Savary , we should really do this without a debate , but a debate is a good one , but a debate has been drawn up on all the points made .
There has been a dialogue .
You are asking for a good dialogue with the two sides of industry , with which you have acted as an example , but you yourself have acted as an example with all debates , with the result that a product is available to us .
We are basically concerned about a situation in which we are dealing with such a polemical body .
First of all , liberalisation , opening up international transport , was the opening of the matter .
There are two forms of interoperability which means that there is room for transport between countries with different systems .
There are three main points .
I have just spoken on this occasion .
As far as I am concerned , Commissioner Wallström , and that is not only the annex to this Commission , Commissioner Wallström will work hard in the next few days - and we believe that standards and energy consumption are needed in the rail package .
Everyone knows that the relative advantage of lorries has been made to the railways , that is the relative advantage for the railways , and it also means that it is preferable for them to work more effectively than others to work on these emission standards .
I would like to briefly touch on a few other points , a small one .
We now realise that this is a major investment .
Investment investments , they have already been mentioned in Recital 9 , which are under consideration both to the state and the industry .
The state , and then we sit at the same time , has already referred to a further package of external costs .
There must be a certain amount of support for the support of this industry in order to keep this industry at a level of competitive , but , on the other hand , support is competitive .
This may well bode well , but we must keep it well in our debates on the White Paper .
The second question I would like to ask is whether the Commission has consulted with both sides of industry and has carried out studies on the need for implementation of this interoperability , particularly the recognition of the railway sector .
I am not aware of whether this study has now been published in the past , and what it is doing for the future .
There must be a specific language .
What language will we discuss ?
English , as in international air traffic or aviation ?
Or will it also be in favour of rail transport ?
If that is the case , I am now suggesting that we are now talking about the English situation in Parliament .
This simplifies the whole communication .
Mr President , during Parliament &apos; s debate on 16 May last year , Mr Savary pointed out that modernisation , enlargement of the competition system and the liberalisation of the railways does not mean anything more than decisions at the end of the last century .
This trend was made by a nearby State which makes itself superfluous by liberalisation and privatisation .
The rapporteur has made it clear that there is no need for a duplication of fish to be transferred to the vicious or part @-@ sessions for regions which are separated from the sea .
Much of what we had decided was to have been adopted by the Council at the time .
I congratulate the rapporteur on this result .
Unlike Mr Jarzembowski &apos; s proposals , my Group agrees with the outcome .
I shall not take account of the technical details of the proposal , and I would ask you to pay attention to more than ever more stringent problems .
For developments which are still being caused to the European railway systems , we have to take account of the fact that we have to take a more pessimistic view .
In the nineteenth century , the different track track track track track track track and concedes to the railways .
It was not only the individual countries who have not been blame , but also with railway undertakings .
In the European Union , the Pyrenees are still still a national national national national borders .
In the 20th century , there were the opportunities and the civil security systems , which are re @-@ emerging once again .
During the borders of the border , the plane has had to happen again , because of the other types of television which die .
The threats of the twenty @-@ first century are in a combination of technical development and competition .
Until recently , it was seen as a result of the new railway network in the railway network .
In the Netherlands , the same applies to such a link , even though there is no longer any prospect of the fact that it will have to lead to over @-@ backs and Hamburg to go through Berlin until Berlin .
In many ways , this technology may well be in many respects , in the short term , and , in the short term , it is mainly a system of the other network system .
The interests of individual companies who want their latest technology should not be the case .
Despite the integration of Europe , the ethics of railways continues to make progress .
International inspectors are becoming more unusual .
We often have to buy a long distance outside the country of departure .
Not so long ago , it was possible to give a fresh effect without a return to Cologne from Cologne to Athens , from Paris or from Amsterdam to Copenhagen .
This is no longer possible .
Five months ago , the mid @-@ term Stockholm plan has been put into effect .
As far as technical measures are concerned , we urgently need to put an end to this fragmentation of rail transport .
It is important to point out that the railways are talking about road transport for distances on roads and freight transport .
Mr President , at a more open internal market , there are differences in the railway structures in the railway structures .
In fact , the 15 Member States of the European Union have been four different systems and 15 different systems .
In ten years &apos; time , the Union will probably be greater than 25 or 27 Member States and the differences in the systems .
This problem cannot be used simply by using new and exceptional solutions .
In the context of the opening up of the longest @-@ stepping and reunited Europe between Sweden and Denmark last summer , we believe that the problem of the flawed interoperability of rail systems was also resolved .
The opposite is the case , Denmark has a knock @-@ up , Sweden .
This has been said that the Swedish rail sector is left on the Danish side , in Danish defence systems .
There are various causes of the serious differences between the Member States in this area and all of them are historical .
One cause for concern is that the various countries have acquired their railways over various times , a others who have been aware that it should never be possible to go ahead with trains in foreign matters .
In Europe today , where we are talking about the four fundamental freedoms , where we are now talking about the four freedoms , the free movement of goods , people , services and capital across borders is a barrier to the problem .
It is therefore important that we use barriers to all sorts of obstacles .
We need to aspire to harmonise and be in different areas , as well as &quot; Miscellaneous &quot; .
The Commission &apos; s initiative towards gradual harmonisation of rail systems is therefore very important .
The first measure , of course , includes the trans @-@ European rail systems .
It is important that we keep up with two explanations of view in our work .
First of all , this work is not going to be dealt with by the day , but it will cause high costs , especially if we want to move away from trans @-@ European networks later on .
In the long run , we need to adopt this harmonisation with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe in the long run .
Secondly , at least the short @-@ term solutions are possible without all the countries in the short term .
This gives rise to all trains which are already outside Europe , thanks to the possibility of using new technology for trains .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is an excellent example of how this Parliament succeeds in establishing a very important issue such as the interoperability of the railway system in the European Union and to avoid the Conciliation Committee and a third reading .
I would therefore like to congratulate Mr Savary on his new restructuring , his expertise and his knowledge of the European Parliament &apos; s role in order to achieve more important provisions such as the economic provisions of the European Parliament , to strengthen such important provisions as social provisions .
This is a lesson for those who want to reduce the intervention intervention of this Parliament in favour of a rapid decision @-@ making process .
This directive , which we adopted at the last session in Brussels at the last Friday session in Brussels , will hopefully be able to do so in Europe , and I hope that rail transport will remain a major role in the road .
For a country such as Portugal , which is in a great south @-@ west Europe , the interoperability of rail transport has a fundamental factor .
Anyone who is at the beginning or at the beginning of perfect railway transport is always dependent on the other countries .
The development of ports in the railway network is a decisive step towards improving the quality of water , to reduce the costs of transport and to a competitive orientation of the European railway companies .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , although I am particularly pleased with the transport of Transport , I am delighted that we have achieved a good outcome , not least the result of the slow work carried out by Mr Savary .
There is no doubt that the competitiveness of the railways must be improved , which plays a particularly important role in the terms of congestion in the area of congestion .
Europe needs a long @-@ term railway policy which is based on a common goal .
Rail transport must be honest , usefulness and cost .
We can then agree with both industry and environmental organisations .
This miracle is still possible .
In particular , improving the competitiveness of railways must be reduced in particular by reducing costs in the rail sector and increase in employment .
At present , taxpayers &apos; money cost is still excessive , irrespective of whether or not they use the train .
It is time that the poor government of the State should be able to achieve a new economic and medium @-@ sized business .
railway undertakings are still largely different from the past , it is the case that it is the most vulnerable and anti @-@ productive .
On the other hand , the passenger transport industry is a completely personal area and it is clearly the most important feature of the situation .
The draft directive on the subject of the draft directive is as a package .
The harmonisation of technical standards will lead to improving the competitiveness of railways without causing any negative effects on the part of others .
Moreover , the priorities which need to be set up by means of a cost @-@ benefit analysis must also be an important factor in ensuring that the initial measures can be implemented first .
If this directive is not an example , it would be possible to give added value to EU cooperation .
In this connection , I would like to remind you of an important aspect of Finland .
Finland has a thousand kilometres , a thousand thousand , a common border with Russia .
Approximately 40 % of the freight is transported by Russia .
As Finland and Russia have established a common , but from other EU countries , there are also many Russian nationals in Finland , according to the Marpol standard .
Finland has been accused of being accused of being accused of the self @-@ employed .
However , the use of Russian wagons in traffic between our countries depends on the fact that if we send our wagons behind the border , we often see the last time they often see .
We must also use Russian wagons to use Russian wagons in the future .
Mr Savary also made every effort to draw attention to the matter and I would like to thank him for his work .
Ladies and gentlemen , we have made enormous progress in relation to rail transport since the invention of the transport industry .
Nevertheless , we are still far removed from the work of our work .
In the final analysis , given that I am not in a position to be so unwise as my words , I am speaking at the moment .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is important that I should like to emphasise this , but I am happy to do so .
So I congratulate my colleague , Gilles Savary , for his report and for the fact that the directive on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system has led to parliamentary barriers .
This was urgently needed because interoperability is a prerequisite for liberalisation in international freight traffic , which we have brought together with the railway package in conjunction with the railway package .
The difficulties encountered by conventional rail transport are in fact a fact that we in Europe are moving into a large @-@ wide national systems which have experienced a big scale and only gradually gradually liberalise new and change developments and , of course , competition with the other transport modes .
However , the pressure on the future of the railways needs to take pressure on the future .
So the directive should be implemented quickly .
This is also good to create a single market for the electoral process .
I hope that the competent bodies and procedures for drawing up technical specifications are progressing quickly and concentrate first on the rapid spot : environmental protection and protection systems .
The rapporteur and Parliament have also tabled social provisions in the directive , in addition to the technical specifications in the directive , on the progress of the candidate countries in drawing up TSIs .
That is a good thing .
On the other hand , however , I would have liked to vote in favour of an independent vote on the technical issues provided as long as we have similar monopoly in some countries and , of course , in a number of countries , in this respect .
With regard to subsidiarity , the reference to subsidiarity seems to me to be very brief .
I am happy to hear Mrs Jeggle and I hope that Mrs Jeggle is now on the agenda .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to point out that the Commission has given satisfaction to the fact that the European Parliament has given this report and its initiative priority .
In concrete terms , the European Parliament was adopted by the common position adopted on 10 November by the Council , and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism was a first draft report on 4 December .
I should like to continue to express my satisfaction to the rapporteur , Mr Savary , and the whole committee , especially Mr Savary , and especially Mr Savary .
It was possible to move forward with his negotiating skills and his freedom of view on this whole matter , which is quite complicated .
Finally , the overall rail package , which we gave the green light during the year 2000 and the beginning of 2001 , has given us a clear French colour , without doubt with some of the Finnish Presidency , because the Finnish Presidency also played an important role .
This directive is a basic form of technical importance , which is also a key element in the practical implementation of implementation and implementation , which I referred to when the Package was adopted , namely the opening up of international freight transport .
What we do with this last measure of interoperability is the construction of a European railway .
This is a fact that goes far beyond the need to open up a sector or a few specific technical conditions .
It is really a very important achievement of European construction , it is the construction of a European railway .
As you know , the European Parliament has just reached a convention with the Council on this whole package of the package , as a provisional deadline for the complete opening of the year 2008 .
The rapporteur has played a crucial role in this package , both Mr Swoboda and Mr Jarzembowski .
These measures should not be effective unless we do not carry out a more satisfactory outcome , as Mr Savary pointed out , which , as Mr Savary pointed out , is the result of the technical standards .
That is precisely what is intended with this measure .
Some major users and some operators who are making use of traffic and the potential for the trans @-@ European rail network have made use of a large number of technical or nationalist obstacles to a large number of technical or non @-@ violent obstacles which the organisation of international freight transport .
In this context , this directive is even more important and will allow the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system to overcome some of these barriers , so that some national markets are released .
In this respect , I would like to congratulate you once again on the success of this directive at second reading .
It means guaranteeing a European dimension to the creation of a competitive market and significant risk costs for the benefit of companies and to overcome the excessive barriers caused by the sector .
The Commission will look into the way in which the skills of all concerned involved are concerned , and the industries involved in infrastructure , railway companies and the industries involved - depend on a creative way of helping and to overcome economic technical solutions and to avoid the way in which solutions can be made to prevent solutions which , unfortunately , occur in some cases .
Mr Bouwman has asked me a few questions which I would like to answer .
Specifically , the consultations on the opinions of the different users and the various elements , the service providers of infrastructures , etc .
This is one of the aspects I would like to point out .
With regard to the economic impact of interoperability , whether or not to guarantee a unified system , a question which has also been raised by Mr Vatanen , I have to say that , before a harmonised technical specification , a cost @-@ benefit analysis must be carried out on the grounds of the necessary economic specification .
This is why we see it in two stages .
A number of measures are taken quickly , as the rapporteur , Mr Savary , has pointed out measures , such as the fact that the licences of the driver , where it goes beyond national borders and national observers , should be a European driving licence , questions which need to be a European driving licence .
However , there are other issues which are much more complicated , such as the harmonisation of the tunnel design , so that all the size of the size of the tunnel has been harmonised .
This will take longer .
I would like to draw your attention to the points made by Mr Swoboda on several occasions , as I have said several times that we expect the open measures to be taken , as the directive on the safety of freight transport and passenger transport and passenger transport .
Of course , the railway sector is a key factor in the railway sector , because the element in rail transport in the new countries is crucial for their development and the possibility of balanced growth .
Thank you very much , Mr Savary , and the entire Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Loire @-@ fish in the Irish Sea
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation with measures to compensate for the Irish Sea ( COM ( COM ( 2000 ) for 2001 ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( CNS ) ) .
Mr President , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the rapporteur is not present .
I would then like to read a text .
I am not going to be congratulating the EPP , but I am the coordinator of the PPE .
I think that this text - that is a text of my group - is a text of my group .
It is very short .
I would then like to make the proposal that we are going to proceed as far as the present present is concerned .
Since you are all in agreement , I would like to read the English version of the English version , which I understand the most liberal , on the subject of the socio @-@ economic issue in the Mediterranean area .
The PPE @-@ DE Group , the PPE @-@ DE Group , intends to take the line on the Commission &apos; s proposal for a recovery programme to reduce water pollution in the Sea .
It is a question of staggering negligence across all the time permissible unfairly across all the time limit addictive for procedural purposes .
So , in order to be able to tolerate a belt @-@ to @-@ braces approach on a desk @-@ style front and to be replaced by a slang @-@ wearing approach in port @-@ style marketing networks in port for the transfer of water .
Mr President , I am sorry that Mr Nicholson cannot be present .
Having read this text , I would like to come up with my own comments now .
Mr President , Commissioner , today we are debating the report by the honourable Member , which I wish to thank for his rapid and precise work .
He was working on a working time .
However , we have not retained the Council &apos; s urgency and we are very pleased that we can pay more attention to this issue today .
Fishing recovery and its situation have been devoted to the TACs and quotas , and our continued efforts have been dated , only in the negative sense .
This must be borne in mind , politicians and all the players .
The prices for cod and other fish will , at the same time , increase the prices for cod and for other fish , but at the same time the fishermen will have problems in the long term .
An important and an historic and historic economic community of our coastal regions is being threatened .
The closures has not been given since it is only for this limited area which is based on the report , but that it has been extended to many parts of the North Sea .
Fish stocks have decreased drastically in all areas .
It is positive to note that , under your remit , the Commission has responded quickly and consistently to the Commission &apos; s reaction without waiting for regulations or administrative measures .
It is now our job to monitor these measures and to learn the lessons of our future policy .
Needless to say , this list of responsibility includes and , in particular , the Member States .
But again the question is : why have we had to go so far ?
Will we always have to leave ourselves from such a steep period ?
When will we finally have real sustainability in our fisheries policy ?
The omens for the Irish Sea not only have occurred since yesterday and not only in the Irish Sea .
In the interests of consumers , fishermen and fish stocks - that is the requirement of the moment !
Can we give our own support to fishermen &apos;s fishermen , despite all the efforts made by the Commission , to make proposals on the reliability and defence policy ?
Are we at all levels in close cooperation with the latest scientific results in good time in our policy ?
If we do not finally get a close eye on the next crisis , then the next crisis will be Basque .
The newly awoken non @-@ aligned debt is deeply concerned .
We have to work and not just react .
When can we learn that ?
How many of the branches of the economy have to believe in the face of our road transport - I remind you of the BSE chaos ?
We need to need more than ever , and it is more important , and this is a general development which , more generally than just , fosters the wind from the critics , and not just words but by deeds , but by deeds .
This proposal is in the right direction .
I particularly welcome the flexible procedures for setting up the monitoring system , as well as producing a proactive way of dealing with derogations .
This is a road which is being taken into account when it comes to the interests of fishermen , but it will continue to be allowed to continue on the basis of other fishing , but on the possibility of other fishing .
However , I would stress that this is only a step in the right direction .
In other waters , problems are similar to the problems which have not yet been apparent , but the Irish Sea should all be a promising sign .
It is still a great deal to go .
I urge the Council and the Commission to develop further measures within the framework of the fisheries policy so that we do not least have our work in the future .
Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur in his absence and Mrs Langenhagen for her comments .
Mrs Langenhagen has a qualitative impression of reducing cod in the Irish Sea .
The Irish Sea is used as Mrs Langenhagen said , for example , for all of us , as a result of the way in which this can be done .
The volume of cod has fallen in only six years .
In 1993 , 11 000 tonnes of cod began in 1999 only 5 000 tonnes of cod .
If the cod is to be carried out in the Irish Sea , the regulation for the Irish Sea is necessary , albeit in good faith .
It is also a model for other regions .
In the North Sea , there was a similar situation .
It is so strong that the total allowable Standard was destroyed and a new flat of cod has been introduced for cod .
Since the beginning of the negotiators , the North Sea has been protected .
Another consequence of the new period for the coming months is that , in the other regions , there is no question of fears .
For example , the fishermen &apos; s fishermen , the fishing crisis in the North Sea , have the effect that the fishing crisis in the North Sea will have an adverse impact on cod recovery , partly in the Irish Sea .
According to fishing gear in these waters , people fear that these protective measures are harmful and will lead to their own stocks .
This fears , however , does not detract from the fact that , last week , the opening up of the electoral machinery in order to achieve a substantial increase in the prices was given , otherwise , to the spread of the prohibited species .
We must consider the negative effects of the others on the negative effects of the others .
It is a rather ironic to recall that , with the protection of fisheries , the fishing rate in a region has been threatened in another region .
Finally , the reform of the common fisheries policy and the adoption of the Green Paper in March on the conservation and fisheries industry is essential .
We must find the right balance between sustainability and a successful industry .
In my opinion , the reform of the common fisheries policy offers a chance .
We must ensure that we adopt proper reforms .
I thank the rapporteur , even if he is not present .
Mr President , in his report on fishing in the Irish Sea , Mr Nicholson remarked that this region is the dubious honour of receiving emergency measures to preserve the environment .
This year , this year , the North Sea will also be directed at the North Sea , and it aims to protect the best way possible during the end of April .
Why , after so many years , must we now have common fisheries policy , which is the primary concern of conservation in the Irish Sea and the North Sea to emergency emergency measures ?
We must , of course , accept the need for short @-@ term measures , but we should also learn from mistakes from the past and to produce reasonable long @-@ term proposals for the management of fisheries resources .
As for the technical measures that have been introduced in regions such as Scotland , they must be reconstructed and must be extended to ensure that they are extended to all environmental legislation .
Action must be taken in order to prevent the dumping of administrative performance , which could affect the damage to other regions and stocks .
The effects of the air traffic effect must be investigated carefully , both with regard to the permitted @-@ by @-@ by @-@ by @-@ farm size and its effects on the whole food chain in sea .
A clear drop in activities will be expected in the next few years , and this means that there are many families and communities in our textile sector - both in commercial fishing and financial degradation - significant investments in income and revenue .
As the result of the new Convention with Morocco , the economic and social consequences of the new Convention with Morocco were also regarded as an opportunity to take immediate action in the long term for the restoration of the environment in certain regions .
This is an opportunity to reflect on similar financial support for these regions .
The CFP is a challenge , but also a chance .
I hope that the solution we have proposed will actually work .
This is the best way to achieve that all those involved - fishermen , recipients , scientists and frequency between certain regions such as the North Sea - are fully and reasonable in the new fisheries policy so that we can work together jointly with the needs of these regions .
Mr President , air transport is largely part of sea .
People cannot live there , but we are becoming increasingly more sophisticated .
Not only is there to be a return to the other continent , but also to save oil prices , telephone and other freight transport , to save waste .
mercury , lead and radioactive waste on the roads and use fish for human consumption ever less .
Maritime coastal coastal waters , housing and heat , where the fish stocks were carried out previously , have been radically changed by means of human beings .
At sea , the sea has been a long @-@ term source of growth .
More @-@ increasing fishing vessels and an increasingly frequent fishing crisis will be deprived of all its stocks .
This is what is happening in the field of Europe , which is becoming increasingly expensive in the wake of Europe , and the coastlines of African ships have fallen .
I was referring to the Treaties which the European Union has concluded with third countries in the third world , so that the sea is empty .
In the short term , we will achieve a solution to the food requirements of Europe and , in the long run , there is no doubt that there will be no side in the long term , but it does not benefit any of them .
The needs of fish levels continue to increase , while stocks are falling through severe and pollution .
Some fishermen still believe that the sea is operating in the sea .
Last week , I heard a fishermen who spoke in a interview in a interview that the fish have always been in the hands of the fish which have always been in the Bible .
Such statements , which may have been quite justified , are becoming more and more rare in future .
It is therefore to be welcomed that times and areas are being established in which the river should be the river , i.e. when and where no longer can be fished .
The quota quota must be limited for the same reasons .
The rapporteur has made a drastic decline in the volume of cod into the east coast of Ireland and Northern Ireland over the last ten years .
It is not even one fifth of those at the beginning of the 1990s .
A quarter of the risks which are less than those which have been compared to a quarter have fallen at a quarter of a quarter .
So little resources are still there in the sea .
However , the rapporteur wants to calculate the way in which the quota quotas are less restricted to six weeks between 22 February and 30 April , and it highlights the enormous extension of fishing in the area of northern transit .
fishermen are protesting if they gain the impression that local action can be done unilaterally , while their colleagues from other countries continue to fish at sea .
In some cases , there will be pressure to withdraw measures and more exceptions .
In this way , the need to reduce the need to reduce the quota quota .
Because of the short @-@ term unemployed , each restriction imposed on the short term is cut and opposition .
However , it is better to use more areas for long @-@ term than fish to be made in the case of inadequate measures .
This is also what we are talking about at the moment about the North Sea .
Mr President , the sustainability of cod is seriously endangered in various European waters .
The Commission rightly proposes measures to preserve these fish against eradicating the fish .
However , exactly as the Commission has announced for the North Sea , the measure for the Irish Sea is also discouraged .
The Commission &apos; s actions are based on political viability and allow the necessary scientific foundation to be made .
In the case of the reprocessing period for the North Sea , it was an initiative which applies mainly to the Dutch fishing fleet .
It is clear that it is in political terms that the Dutch fleet is being implemented , which is what other Member States and fleets are doing .
That is why the rejection of the Netherlands and the proposed alternatives are not the same .
In addition to the volume of traffic in the North Sea , only inadequate amounts are not sufficient , not in the North Sea nor in the Irish Sea .
After all , fishing is the most open areas where they are likely to be executed and where we are likely to be more productive and lasting .
If fishing is transferred in a large number of respects , in which the fishing industry is located in a large number of respects , the measure will even hinder the flow of water .
Similarly , the North Sea does not prohibit the North Sea banana site targeted fishing on cod , which is precisely the case of spreading animals which are fished in the waterways and elsewhere .
Overfishing in the open areas will also suffer the stocks of fish stocks in the open areas .
The environmental apparatus proposed by the Dutch Government for fisheries , on the other hand , is a much greater achievement for cod .
This plan , which is according to cod , which is to be counted in a large number of weeks , can save cod constantly .
And what is at least as important is that this plan will be supported both by both environmental and the fisheries industry .
However , the Commission does not think it is politically understood .
It has led to the fact that we will soon have to get into a European water way in a European water space , that is to say in order to get into circulation .
Mr Nicholson , unfortunately , in his report , unfortunately , the Commission &apos; s attitude is unfortunately the most despicable attitude of the Commission .
Needless to say , it is a huge blow for fishing , but it is far greater if there is no longer any cod policy .
The Commission must look at how they can fulfil the fishery sector , which is certainly the responsibility of the fishermen .
In order to guarantee the future , Dutch fishermen are prepared and I am convinced that the most popular fishermen will have the same determination .
The Commission is now lacking .
Mr President , I would first of all like to apologise to you , your predecessor and the House for my apologies .
My problems have already been removed in the early morning when my plane was removed from Belfast .
I am very pleased with the fact that British , international and excellent work , I am here , is very late , but I am now very late .
It was not my intention to detain the House and I would like to apologise .
I have listened with great interest to Mr van Hulten , who has spoken about the Commission &apos; s most detailed approach , and what has been done by the Dutch fishermen .
Mr van Dam should read once again my report because I did not have the Commission nor the fishermen .
This problem is not easy to solve , but it is very serious .
The fishermen of my region were about the same problem .
They have to live with the fishing crisis for the fishing industry .
Mr van Dam and the Scottish fishermen for the first time have been affected by a fishing crisis , and I would like to say that the fishermen from my region have not only been ready but also a very positive translation .
You worked with the Commission with regard to technical measures and have taken this very seriously .
The violation of its fishing grounds for such a long period is not easy for the fishermen .
It is all the more difficult if there is no support for the industry in this situation .
This is the point I would like to highlight .
When I come to the attention of the fact that the Commission should submit specific proposals - whether or not there are specific proposals - the Commission intends to present its ideas , &quot; national authorities &quot; and we will take them in constructive constructive action . &quot;
The problem , however , is that the national authorities do not make serious proposals to support the fishermen in the region , and not the British authorities .
It makes no difference whether it is a Conservative government or a Labour government .
Neither the other would ever offer real assistance to fishermen .
I have tabled an amendment to my report and I would ask the Commission to take account of it .
It is about the fishermen to continue to continue the fishing capacity , under controlled conditions , as has already been agreed for the first phase of the closed season .
If discards are excessive during this closed season , the fishermen will accept that .
It is quite clear that the Commission does not approve the amendment .
This is a pity because fishermen are working very well with the Commission , and this is a model for the other regions of the European Union .
As Mr Van Dam said , there is a great deal of concern , and we need to ensure that the future of the water is secured in order to ensure the fishermen a future .
I hope that the Commission will be able to take account of the very positive aspect which I tabled with my amendment .
Mr President , the Nicholson report clearly shows how serious the fish stocks are concerned with Great Britain and Ireland .
The Commission only feels that it is necessary to take action in four different areas to save the fish stocks in four different areas , but clearly the common fisheries policy is the cornerstones of the common fisheries policy .
As from today &apos; s 12 , 12 February 2001 will be banned for 12 weeks in the North Sea for 12 weeks in the North Sea .
In addition , as we have heard , the size of Scotland and the Irish Sea , as we have heard , is to establish a drastic reduction in the total allowable catch and the stock quota , as was announced last December by the Council last December .
The common fisheries policy is in its present form for 18 years .
The tax and quota system has led to the fact that enormous quantities of healthy fish were thrown back at sea .
More than two million tonnes of fish per year are 25 % of all the EU in the EU .
Even the system of sub @-@ economic programmes has not been met .
Member States that are trying to comply with these regulations will be punished , while other Member States are fully ignore the programmes programmes .
The CFP therefore lacks its main objective .
She has not managed to maintain fish , fish stocks nor the future of fishermen .
The recent round of cuts and emergency measures will be squeezed out of the industry .
The reconstruction of the Irish Sea in the Irish Sea last year has had to endure a disastrous influx of 42 % during the closed season .
Regardless of this damaging crisis , and the fact that too many fishermen from too little fish in the North Sea and the Irish Sea have to live in January , this House voted in favour of an overwhelming majority in order to grant equal access to the North Sea in order to grant equal access to the North Sea and the Shetland Box and the Shetland Box .
Many fishermen in the UK and Ireland will look at these decisions as the last lifeline .
65 % of the EU &apos; s fisheries resources are occurring in waters around the British islands , i.e. the UK and Ireland .
Why should we allow ourselves to move on to our fish and allow our fishermen to grow in poverty ?
Last month , Parliament has taken the vote on the reports completely unsatisfactory and short @-@ sighted .
This could be seen as a drop in the productivity of the big business industry and the United Kingdom may actually withdraw from the common fisheries policy .
Mr President , the issue of stocks of the various species and actions of the various types of land is always a controversial issue .
The Socialist Group supports the conclusions of our colleague , Mr Nicholson , in his report on the Commission proposal on the recovery of the Irish Sea .
We know very well that , in the course of a year &apos; s year , fisheries will have to be paid in the course of a year &apos; s period of course and that the wage of the plant is extremely costly and a great deal of time is needed .
But we also know that , in the port of a long period of time , a loss of jobs in the port for a long period of time is loss of jobs and many problems for the future of this fleet .
I therefore agree with Mr Nicholson that this is a question which requires a high degree of balance and balance .
The sector has frequently complained - and rightly so - that when proposals are adopted by the Commission , it will not be ignored in the approval of the Commission &apos; s proposals , which will be based on scientific opinions and the lives of fishermen .
I would ask the Commission to link the work of scientists with this daily , daily reality of fishermen , and to take account of the socio @-@ economic situation of fisheries dependent on fisheries .
All of this is much more transparent and more transparent in relation to the sector which is the reasons for certain measures .
I do not believe that the common fisheries policy is a failure .
In this respect , I do not agree with the previous speaker .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Nicholson for his report and for the speed in which he has work and work .
I very much appreciate how open and honest he has done this .
He is not travelling to fishermen to the Irish Sea and said that the European Commission wants to do their utmost or do not want to do anything .
In his country &apos; s country , he has described the problem , as he has done here and there is a problem .
Mr President , I quoted the Bible in a moment ago .
According to the Bible , it appears that there are always fish in the sea .
I would now like to tell you what is written in a more modern document on cod .
I quote the author of his book from his book &quot; cod : the fish which the world changed &quot; .
Having said that , in New York , &quot; e @-@ commerce &quot; and navigation &quot; , as well as the fact that there is no need for any further explanation here , it is absolutely necessary that it was not a matter of urgency and some of them have counted in a single @-@ year @-@ old one @-@ year hour and one of 9 000 kilometres .
The final point was that mankind could never be buried in this way .
We have demonstrated the opposite of the very opposite , both the Bible and the social breakdown of the 19th century .
Mr President , it is too young to be able to remind you of the fact that the time allotted to my time before the coast of the coast was returned - and I was even politically active .
The British - and I would like to say that , with deep respect for all the Member States of the Union , I am concerned with the utmost respect for all the Member States of the Union in order to protect their fishermen if they are fishing in fishing grounds .
It is a good thing that the Great Britain &apos; s view in favour of the law on water has changed , and I have always respected its own resources .
In particular , I cannot accept the respect for Mr Zavvos who is a good representative of his people and full enthusiasm , but I cannot accept that the common fisheries policy is going to compromise .
I doubt that British fishermen are wrong because , when we look at the figures , the British fishing industry receives their natural share of European fish .
The only way things are wrong is the Irish fishermen who are deprived of their natural share and to exploit the seas .
In the sixteenth century , British people went back to a war which took place in the vicinity of a war which took its own victims and they have only returned to the American coast .
This is a old story .
But beware of the fishermen &apos; s fishermen , the fault of the European Commission is the fault of the European Commission .
They tried to resolve a difficult problem .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to make it clear that if the Green Paper on the reform of the fisheries policy is available , we will have enough opportunity to discuss the general aspects of the fisheries policy .
I would therefore just like to say something about the directly scheduled report .
I think that it is quite logical that we are facing stocks in the Irish Sea , and it is certainly not wrong for us to face stocks in the Irish Sea .
It is certainly not wrong : if we want to protect environmental protection , it is only one thing that we have to protect . We must leave resources during the electoral process .
It is therefore very important that we close the preparatory time in time to close the start of the electoral system , even though it is very painful , and even if it is very painful for the fishermen .
The time is still urgent , because the start of this month is the beginning of this month .
I know that I have been involved , and I am particularly grateful to the Committee on Fisheries and the rapporteur , and in particular the Committee on Fisheries and the rapporteur , that we will achieve this objective in good time .
They will be voting on the report tomorrow , and it is still so much time that we in the Council could be able to decide a decision and the regulation on 15 February .
The Commission agrees with this report and I would like to thank the Commission once again for its support .
Now to the amendment tabled .
Unfortunately , I must reject that amendment .
Why ?
In last year , we were dealing with a series of interim projects which have been carried out in last year &apos; s second half .
These attempts have clearly shown that , during this period , the risk for cod is very great and is extremely enormous .
We are prepared , however , to do so during the first half of the neo @-@ proliferation process , in accordance with the conditions which Mr Nicholson referred to , namely that there is a specific observation system in accordance with Article 3 , and according to the condition that the activities are immediately being stopped , the activities will be stopped immediately if there is too much cod .
We also know that this second condition , which I referred to , will entail a certain risk , but with a system of observation , we will be able to know whether or not this exemption will be carried out for the first part of the next part @-@ session in the event of whether this exception can be carried out in the first part of the conciliation programme .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Fischler .
They have been sleepwalking .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( The sitting was closed at 8.30 p.m. )
Madam President , I would like to use the presence of the President of the Commission to address him in a serious matter .
The French European Union has achieved a significant day in France every year in France , Europe , which we want to ask for this year under the euro .
Since September , this movement has been trying to support financial support without being organised by this day .
However , we have no assurances on the payment of the Commission &apos; s interventions .
If we have not received any promise to obtain the French tax , then the French tax should not be allowed to implement the electoral system .
In my opinion , this would be extremely damaging to our common ground , which is extremely damaging to us all .
Mr Prodi , would you like to give the floor to Mrs Berès and Mrs Berès , in your speech ?
- ( IT ) Mrs Berès , I am not familiar with the details of the question you have raised , but I will look at the matter immediately and give you a reply today .
Thank you , Mr President of the Commission .
Vote on the topical and urgent motions
The Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs has adopted the application of the procedure without a report on the agenda .
I therefore give the floor to Mr Watson to give us the floor so that he can give us the opinion of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
Watson ( ELDR ) , chairman of the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
Madam President , the Committee on Industry and the chair of the Council is aware of the importance of this proposal and the urgency of its adoption on 25 March 2001 for a comprehensive increase in the Nordic forests .
However , it would have been if the Council had been informed of this matter earlier and not until the last moment .
However , in the circumstances we believe that the vote should not be delayed again , and therefore we are proposing a procedure without a report on the agenda , and we are proposing a procedure for the vote in this Chamber .
As no one wishes to speak against the topical and urgent motion , we will proceed to the vote .
( Parliament agreed to urgent procedure )
Presentation Commission programme for 2001 by its President
The next item is the joint debate on the Commission &apos; s proposal for 2001 by its President and the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 ) by Mr van Velzen and others on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , on the preparation of the European Council in Nice .
I am now giving the floor to the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , it is undoubtedly sensible for us to discuss a general debate on the situation of the Union .
My desire is that this debate will also lead to a step forward in Parliament on the results that we have achieved in 2001 .
There are , of course , many events and priorities which I am going to discuss , but the most important thing is that we already have - and I am in the most important way - that we already have - and I am tempted to say - at last - that we have a process which will lead to the future of Europe .
The Commission has always asked the Commission to be judged on its deeds .
It is therefore extremely important for me to see cooperation between the Commission and Parliament and the fruitful working relations between the Commission and the Member States in the Council on specific and practical results .
So let us take advantage of this more thorough debate in order to open our successes and our problems together and to discuss what concrete measures are to be taken to meet the real concerns of the European citizens .
The tradition is that the President of the Commission will have a detailed overview of the actions that have been undertaken in each area of policy in this House , but if I do not think about this kind of tax , I would like to say that , today , I am talking about our main priorities for the year 2001 and on our main priorities for the year 2001 .
However , I would like to start by commenting on the last twelve months .
A year ago I informed you that the Commission has made four strategic objectives : firstly , the promotion of new European governance and , thirdly , a more strong Europe with a greater voice in the world ; the establishment of a new economic and social agenda and , finally , fourthly , guarantee a better quality of life for everyone .
With regard to the implementation of the objective of quality of life in Europe , we have a White Paper on food safety and the draft regulation on requirements and basic principles in the area of reproduction .
We also proposed setting up a European food authority which can be able to begin this year .
In addition , we have set up a European air transport agency and the Erika disaster , and the Erika disaster has been drawn up with strict legislation on safety safety .
We have presented proposals to the European Council in Lisbon on a new economic and social agenda for Europe .
In this way , the EU has now an overall strategy , in order to be able to become more competitive and dynamic @-@ based economy .
The key to the stabilisation of our continent lies in our strategy for enlargement of the European Union .
For example , last year the Commission has actively launched the accession negotiations with the candidate countries and a public debate on a genuine immigration policy for the EU .
Finally , in order to promote new European governance , we have incorporated the work on our White Paper which will be published next summer .
The Commission has , on principle last year , met its most important commitments and make clear and simple solutions .
I would like to say before this House how proud I am to be proud of the Commission &apos; s staff , which was linked to radical internal reforms .
I am quite aware of the fact that we have given our staff a high level of requirements , not just a more detailed workload procedures , but they have to adapt to changing methods and to take greater responsibility for their actions .
Even if internal reform is not a political act , it is one of the priorities of the Commission for 2001 .
Each organisation must adapt to new ways .
That is what we are trying to do .
It is , however , also necessary to make changes in the way in which there is a lack of administration .
I therefore strongly urge the internal reform to be completed with all our obligations , consultation and a climate of transparency , quickly .
The Commission &apos; s political guidelines for 2001 are presented in the work programme for 2001 , which it adopted by the end of January and to Parliament .
The key elements of the programme are important deadlines .
All these priorities are not conditional upon a chance of euphoria .
It is the Commission &apos; s constant monitoring approach to which our actions are to be taken into account in the practical needs of the European citizens and to take account of their environmental concerns .
This is also the objective of the debate on the future of the Union , which I will be going to make .
However , I would like to begin by explaining the Commission &apos; s most important measures for the year 2001 .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in our work since the Lisbon Summit and preparing for Stockholm , we are continually reviewing an objective , fair and reunited Europe , a Europe whose citizens have modern skills , decent jobs and an active role in the lives of their Community .
The Commission &apos; s contribution to the Lisbon Summit was a strategy that has been drawn up at the Lisbon Summit .
The European Council in Stockholm will be looking at the progress made by the Commission in Stockholm , the areas in which we are making progress , but also those areas where there has been delay .
One of the most important objectives of our strategy is the restoration of full employment .
We have already had a few encouraging results in this regard : we have been setting up 2.5 million jobs last year .
This is a considerable figure , but a considerable number of things must be solved in order to solve the problem of unemployment .
However , as we stated in our report on Stockholm , the development of some areas was progressing too slowly .
The European leaders in Europe need more political determination and they must be aware of how urgent it is to implement Lisbon , the programme , the programme and the liberalisation of the energy and the markets : these programmes are vital to our future . These programmes are vital to our future .
Furthermore , we still have no coherent strategy for lifelong learning .
That is why we need new enthusiasm to strengthen our efforts in certain key areas .
In our report in Stockholm , we have set ten areas of such areas , including a few to mention the leading edge of leading the leading economy , the new financial markets , new skills and mobility .
In Stockholm , I will call on the Heads of State and Government to take the opportunity to take this opportunity , and we must not agree with strong determination at the Lisbon stage .
In order to give you a picture of our report , I would like to stress three of the points made in this report : firstly , the divisions should limit the imposition of labour from setting up local borders or mobility .
This requires more effective tax systems , more investments in training and lifelong learning and specific measures so that they can catch up the flow of life .
We also need measures to guarantee mutual recognition of qualifications and the transferability of pension rights between different areas and Member States .
Secondly , we must speed up economic reform for example .
Although the services are already three quarters of our environmental life , there is still no full internal market for services .
Thirdly , Europe must be a symbol of innovation if we want to create a European research area .
I certainly do not have to explain this to you .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , we must create a delicate balance between our political actions so that all the resources of Europe are needed , our wealth of economic and our environment , and our social acquis and our environment for future generations .
In order to guarantee this balance , we must find a strategy for sustainable development .
The Commission is currently working on such a strategy , which is dealt with at the heart of the Swedish Presidency , the European Council .
What we are trying to do is to achieve the more complex concept of sustainable development in good and understandable terms , and in concrete terms , and in concrete terms , to implement clear actions which are based on the production and habits of our citizens .
This will therefore be a strategy based on innovation and increased investment in these areas , and the opportunities for leading the leading edge of leading the leading edge is a strategy which can easily be set up at a level where the cost of environmental damage is better applied .
A long @-@ term political project of this kind requires an effective consultation .
In order to bring this discussion forward , I have proposed a major debate in the European Parliament on these issues .
The views of this House will certainly be given useful help to the Commission in drawing up its final strategic proposal for the summit of the Gothenburg Summit , and this proposal - and I repeat this - must be a failure .
Furthermore , we have tried to launch a deeper discussion not only within the European institutions but also in terms of our citizens , and also in general our citizens .
Our aim is a global , coherent and long @-@ term approach to European policy .
I should like to address the Union &apos; s relations with the rest of the world and we are becoming increasingly clear from our citizens who are willing to make decisions in this area if we want to make globalisation good .
In the short term , this means that our priorities should also be a new round of WTO negotiations .
A new round of negotiations is in fact the best way to strengthen the multilateral system , which is compatible with new liberalisation of trade by new , the requirements of civil society .
We also need to focus on important new areas such as competition and investment in important new areas , and the interests of developing countries more closely in our deliberations .
Developing countries are the key to this new process .
The trade policy must not be based solely with the interests of employers ; we must ensure that it benefits the poorest populations in the world .
We therefore hope that the Council and Parliament will be able to vote in favour of our proposal that the 48 poorest countries in the world will be able to provide the opportunity to introduce all goods from non @-@ weapons and vegetable fats to the European Union .
We are also prepared to talk with the new American Government and the World Trade Organisation .
Of course , President retains its regional priorities , but I know that he and his staff will not underestimate the importance of the multilateral system .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , another important milestone in the future is , of course , the introduction of the euro at the end of this year .
If the euro rings as a stand at our hands , then it will become a reality in our daily life .
In the next few months the Commission will work together with both Swedish and Belgian presidencies in order to conclude our preparations for this extremely important event : an event which is becoming a lasting event in history and the lives of European Union citizens .
However , we need an enormous organisational body , as it has not yet been required to do so far .
It is not all very welcome , however , to welcome the idea of launching an old and unique currency against a new currency , which is why it will certainly be possible to bring some difficulties at the beginning .
We must therefore make every effort to make the public understand that the euro will benefit us all and see a strong , modern economy .
The symbol of a European project is already the symbol of a European project which has been carried out at a time and time @-@ time .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to conclude by referring once again to the question which has already been raised about the future of Europe after Nice .
In spite of its limitations , the Treaty of Nice , which we have seen together , is a good advantage , and the first is that it is our advantage that there is no further obstacles to the way in which we are going to tackle enlargement .
Its second advantage is to obtain the &apos; post @-@ Nice process &apos; which can be launched in a comprehensive debate on the future of the European Union .
In January of this year , I presented the statement attached to the Treaty &apos; s statement that this process will be characterised at a first stage of an &quot; open discussion &quot; .
This will enable the European Council in December to come up with a second phase which I described as &apos; redundant &apos; and , at the end of the day , to hold a short @-@ term Intergovernmental Conference .
I am convinced that this is the right approach and I have the impression that this approach has now been adopted .
Above all , let me turn to the first stage because it will be dealt with in 2001 .
In my opinion , the phase of &quot; open &quot; would be particularly important in which the citizens of Europe are in particular importance , and it is very clear that the citizens of Europe and their views demonstrate that Europe is always becoming more than ever more than ever .
This debate requires a debate on everyone and all sections of society in order to conclude and conclude the huge European Union project .
The second reason is the outcome of the Intergovernmental Conference of Nice .
What has not been done in Nice was a very thorough debate on expectations of Europe &apos; s expectations and for Europe .
It has been a long and wide debate , but never on the key issues .
This debate cannot be postponed longer .
The third reason is that , and I have shared my feeling , that we will no longer be able to stop Europe on a logic of &apos; constructive &apos; judgements , and we can be able to construct something else .
We are now at a new stage in which we have to take the basic questions without the end .
Since 1981 , the Community and then the Union will then be in a progressive process of adaptation , restructuring , enlargement and harmonisation .
We have been told for almost a generation that has been inspired by our institutions and that the citizens of our countries have destroyed the principles of our own institutions , and we have been able to look at the way in which our decisions and the appropriate course of course are pursued .
We have taken historic decisions with which the unity of our continent can be restored .
It would be absurd , and even dangerous , if this unity would lead to a non @-@ governmental agreement , unsatisfactory promises and collective ulterior motives .
What a debate is about ?
In order to have a debate on the &apos; new new &apos; , it is a question of beauty .
I have confidence in our own citizens and her elected representatives , because we are going to have a debate on the electoral table or other issues that have been dealt with at a very appropriate level . Instead , it is a debate on the real questions which our citizens are asking for as a whole , but rather a debate on the real issues which our citizens are not less than less but more European .
The issues which our citizens are asking for is not the same ; we must recognise that they are no longer the debate on the institutions which we have been expecting since Maastricht , which we have been expecting since Maastricht .
The real problem I see is that , at some point with our Member States , we have no longer reached agreement with the liberalisation criteria , and it has always become ever more difficult for us to hide behind hiding @-@ behind @-@ neutral summary and who has always been cleaned up .
I believe that , in addition to the fact that , in the last few years , there is a lack of discussion in the past couple of years , there is a lack of discussion at the top of all too often .
We must at long last develop the problems .
The fact that there are different ideas on the final objective of the European Union &apos; s final objective is , of course , different .
However , I do not agree with the idea that we can at least give ourselves the essential difference in our project .
This brings us to the heart of the matter - on the fundamental issues I want to discuss in all the public .
For example , are we all agreed that we want to build a structure which is determined to act as a power power , which is determined to act as a power power , not merely a economic union but a political entity ?
Are we all aware of the great challenge which we have to deal with and depends on the future of our peoples , because it depends on our nation states , their existence and identity in the world today ?
Another question : what are we prepared to do is to criticise the social and economic solidarity ?
Not only is it possible to prevent administrative bans or the corruption of the internal market , but because we believe that our peoples will be involved in a common project and therefore help each other .
One more question : are we prepared to show the same solidarity when it comes to our internal and external security ?
And then , what are we going to do for future generations ?
And not least , how can the European citizens be able to protect our values of democracy , solidarity and justice most effectively ?
In my opinion , these questions must be dealt with in the 2001 debate .
These are not institutional , but extremely highly important issues of which we want to live together .
If I get the major debate and elected these subjects , then I do not expect you and the citizens who represent a debate on a debate , as it were , as it were , as it were .
We are talking about the enormous positive achievements of Europe in the fifty years of the Community &apos; s existence and the Union , and we are talking about a Europe that has created peace , prosperity and , in particular , a common currency .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , all of you , with your national parliaments and with the governments of our Member States , have to look at these questions and seek answers .
I should like to make it quite clear that this comprehensive discussion , which can be seen as much as possible , is to win the civil society as much as possible .
Members of the European Parliament and the parliaments of the Member States are the legitimate representatives of the people .
This must be taken into account when all these considerations are to be rooted and to implement concrete results .
We are going to do so in the second stage , which is unthinkable that the European Parliament and the national parliaments should not only be talking about a relationship between states but also for a relationship between peoples , and secondly , because I am talking about a relationship between peoples , and secondly , because I am no longer aware of the fact that in the clash of opinion , I am no longer aware of the need for new ideas and imagination .
blacks and preparation must be a forum for all parties , including the European Parliament , national parliaments and the Commission , the national parliaments , the national parliaments and the Commission , in the course of the year 2002 , and that this forum will be made more clear .
Through this interactive process of faith , this dialogue between the European Council and the Convention , or the meeting or the forum , I do not want to set out the issues which may be dangerous and , at the end of the day , it could be put into effect .
It will be clear that the debate cannot be limited to the four issues mentioned in Nice .
Michel Barnier has my full support when he says , as before your Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that it is a question of developing a definitive and sustainable project for our enlarged Union .
The Commission will , of course , take its part and take various initiatives in order to overhaul the Treaties . It will be done with the support of the Treaties and to hold a wider debate on the way in which it was called for in the declaration of Nice and , finally , it will do so with the White Paper on responsible political leadership .
However , in this White Paper , you should not expect any kind of covert approach to the jurisdiction of the Union and the Member States , because it is not being dealt with .
However , it will help to ensure that the instruments for a genuine decentralisation of administration and methods for better decentralisation of the administration as the highest possible realisation of the common policy .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , sometimes I believe that the construction of Europe is the most ambitious achievement of the 20th century .
A new phase of trade has been overcome by the beginning of every new phase , as it was at the beginning of every new phase , as no substitute or even ridiculous .
We shall now introduce the euro notes and coins , and I would like to say that I do not want to repeat all the things that have been mentioned in developing this proposal .
Nevertheless , we are now seeing where we are , and we are all proud of the progress made so far .
( Loud and sustained applause )
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we welcome this debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , if we believe that this debate was delayed late and , in the case of Nice , there were perhaps no other way of having this debate before us .
However , we would like to see the next few years that we will be holding this debate in the autumn of the year that we are discussing last autumn , and that is what we are talking about .
However , I would like to make a very pertinent comment to the Council : Mr President , I think it is scandalous if the Commission is proposing its programme and the Council of Ministers and the Council of Ministers .
We cannot accept this !
This is evident from where the shortcomings lie !
The foreign ministers travel from the world , which are not controversial , because it is also their responsibility as a foreign minister ; at the same time they are responsible for European affairs .
That is why we must say that the European level is no more foreign policy and the establishment of European political policy in the Foreign Affairs Ministers - and the establishment of the European political group is a new proof of this .
We need people in governments who are only about Europe .
( Applause from the right )
That is why I call on a Council of Ministers to be able to present and which will then be present here in Parliament .
It is not by a number of great speeches to be made by Foreign Ministers and foreign ministers , but by the day @-@ off work in Europe .
That is why we call on the Council of Ministers to do so .
( Applause from the right )
We have heard the fact that France , France , Mr Chirac , has been calling for this public debate on the process of the Nice process , as President Prodi has also done .
We want a wide public debate on the future of our continent , and Mr President of the Commission , and I am not able to speak for the whole of the European Parliament - you are your ally when it comes to the future of Europe .
We would like to strengthen you as a Community institution because we do not see that the Council of Ministers meets the strength of the European Union of Ministers and the representatives of the common interest .
They have talked about the involvement of the European Parliament in this process .
We want something more concrete .
Our declarations , the European People &apos; s Party , was decided on in January of this year and recommended that we should have an electoral report which is based on the convention &apos; s model , which is based on the European Parliament &apos; s participation , the national parliaments , the Commission and the Council .
We want this year in Stockholm and , finally , under Gothenburg and finally under the Belgian Presidency , signs that such a conference can be launched in the year 2002 .
This conference ought , as it were , to be in Europe &apos; s general public debate in Europe , and it should be set up on the basis of such a conference .
Secondly , asylum and immigration policy .
Mr President of the Commission , we call on the Commission to draw up the policy for a common asylum and immigration policy . This is because we see that national policy does not lead to a result .
Only a common policy can solve these difficult tasks .
The Chancellor of an important country , that is the leader of the Federal Republic of Germany , said that if we were to get the principles of asylum and immigration policy , then we can quickly move towards voting on voting .
I would ask the Commission to prepare the work in order to ensure that we have reached the foundations as quickly as possible on the basis of the majority decision @-@ making in asylum and immigration policy .
However , we are also asking the Commission to take account of its initiatives .
For example , we have the impression that family reunification is trying to take into account a number of people .
We ask that family reunification is at the core of the heart so that we do not have any effects which will no longer be minimal .
Overall , the policy on asylum and immigration must be an important one .
Third comment : Europe .
We all know that on 1 January 2002 the common European currency will also be in the hands of the common European currency , and the Commission is right to point out that it will change .
But we must also strengthen Europe &apos; s competitiveness by ensuring that small and medium @-@ sized enterprises can invest in small and medium @-@ sized enterprises .
I believe we need to strengthen our efforts .
As far as the issue of enlargement of the European Union is concerned , we are committed to a commitment to the European Union in 2004 .
Mr President of the Commission , I call on you to provide a public information programme so that we can convince people in our countries that the enlargement of the European Union is needed and that the European Union is in the historic interest of Europe .
Allow me to say that we want a strong , progressive and democratic Europe .
Mr President of the Commission , let us work together on this .
We are on your side , if you are to strengthen the Community institutions .
We are asking the Council not to refuse to refuse , but also to do so in Europe .
If we are to do this together , we must succeed .
But the Council must now fulfil its task , after the Commission and Parliament .
( Applause )
Madam President , Mr Prodi , the Union &apos; s accession to the countries of the eastern European Union and the world of employment is becoming increasingly important in a few years &apos; time , in our relations with the countries of the eastern European Union and the world .
From the Union &apos; s point of view , the best way to strengthen peace in the Southern region is to strengthen and strengthen new economic cooperation , in the direction of Russia and Ukraine .
Unfortunately , this is not reflected in the Union &apos; s activity .
We are quick to find a reason for this , that these countries themselves do not yet have the economic conditions or political will to find appropriate form of cooperation .
But in cooperation with the countries of the southern Mediterranean , huge sums have already been invested and resources have been invested in the way in which results are still waiting .
A warning is also needed in the East .
I note that Mr Prodi has not spoken in his speech about our relations with the east , which was perhaps not possible in the wider report .
Over the past few years , investment for Russia is one tenth of what was channelled to the Mediterranean countries .
A half of the funds have been spent for all former countries of the Soviet Union .
This interrelatedness is not in line with the importance of the close actors in connection with the regions .
Above all , the forms of economic cooperation must be implemented and impossible .
The waste water waste of some nine million people , or the neighbouring region , will be able to enter people off or become ill @-@ employed jobs in the environmentally sensitive , gentle and spiritual part of Germany .
This has already led to clear , permanent changes to the natural balance of the natural balance and the situation is evolving .
Mr Prodi calls for a sustainable water policy .
The growth in the region which is now being launched is a good example of the concrete cooperation with the northern region .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen .
First of all , on behalf of my group , I welcome the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , with which the legislative programme was called for by the Parliament to be adopted by my group on the initiative of my group .
They do not have any proposals . They are closed from the last year , and it is questionable from those of the last year .
It should be noted that you have met 50 % of the programme last year .
We do not have to propose a great deal to do so .
I would also like to remind you that there was an agreement , to table consultation with Parliament &apos; s committees in January ; it remains to be hoped that you will be able to keep the deadlines better for us next year .
I believe that the key to the programme will be the support of the citizens to European project ; it is the sine qua non , and that is the sine qua non .
This requires us to confront the problems which our fellow citizens want , for example , to solve the economic and social agenda which we are discussing in March , for example , the euro &apos; s introduction as cash and the fight against organised crime .
My group expressly supports the proposal put forward by the Commission , except for military action , except for the 48 poorest countries .
These are crucial aspects of the programme .
This does not mean that we are critical of the criticism which we have to take and which we must take .
One of the sticking criticisms of the BSE system is that the Commission and Parliament have been able to fulfil the task of ensuring that we have had this crisis and that we continue to make sure that we continue to have this crisis and that we continue to respond to the need to give our fellow citizens our voice to their concerns .
In fact , the creation of a single market does not only mean abolishing and imposing standards which serve to protect citizens , and also to profit from private profit ; it means greater competition and greater freedom for greater competition and greater freedom .
It should be said that , at the moment , we have to make only the virtue of deregulation and not from the premise that we must also live in a civilised context .
With regard to verification , Mr President , as far as we are concerned , it should be said that , instead of drawing up new forms of new and good democratic technology , the old and good democratic technology will be taken into account , for example , the embassies of the South Moluccans from 2 500 years ago .
That is what we need .
We still need a Commission proposal on the distribution of powers and the possible form of integration of the Charter .
This means that everything is going to be a very comprehensive one .
Mr President , I would like to ask you less general requests to civil society and talk about their elected representatives , with us in the European Parliament and with the Member States of the Member States .
This year , I do not think it is a question of going into a pan @-@ European or random formula . We must reflect on the procedure and the method .
Madam President , I believe that we must also make a clear distinction .
Madam President , I agree , Madam President , because my speaking time comes to the end of my speaking time by giving the Commission the power to produce proposals .
We should do it ; we will be able to make a alliance which is essential in order to enable us to make progress in the debate and to help create solutions to the future of Europe .
On behalf of my Group , I welcome this progress .
I am very concerned about the report which the Commission published last week in the preparation of Stockholm on the Lisbon process .
We had the main objective of developing the world &apos; s dynamic @-@ based economy within ten years to develop the dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy .
I do not agree with this Parliament , but I am not a bad losers , but I would like to point out that I was one of the minority that was voted out in the proposal for the liberalisation of the postal services .
That is all about us .
This reminds me of a story which was reported in the United States about the famous mayor of dried , Richard and Defence .
Having said that , after one of his tourist visits to the mayors , he wanted to talk about the new unbiased goals of his administration .
In this respect , he is a mistake to oppose the words of his speech as a result of his speech .
He promised that his new administration will strive to achieve new administration .
I think we should be careful that , in relation to Lisbon , we do not undermined the same mistake , but we can make real progress .
The message in Stockholm must be taken seriously with our commitments and that we will have to do all it can .
We have made good progress in our efforts to implement the food and consumer policy in the past twelve months .
We still have a great deal to do , but there has been definite progress .
In the field of trade and development , my group supports the initiative : all goods are being used .
In view of the fact that the Commission itself is engaging in the sensitive problems of agriculture in connection with the World Trade Organisation and the debate on land , I hope that these debates will not affect the development of the trade sector .
This is a major European initiative and I hope that the college will devote whole to whole of the difficulties , regardless of the difficulties that may arise in connection with negotiations in other areas .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party needs to pay more attention to the asylum and defence policy .
I congratulate Mr Vitorino on the work done so far , but we have reached a conciliation agreement in Tampere , and I wonder why this is still so difficult for us to do so .
With regard to enlargement , which is dear to my group , I would like to say to the Commission and by Mr Solana that we need to look at the Commission and by Mr Solana that we really have to deal with Cyprus in more detail .
It is not just a question of the acquis communautaire that is a very long way from the acquis communautaire .
It is not just a question of whether Cyprus can implement the acquis communautaire , and we do not have problems here .
On the contrary , we are talking about serious and serious political issues which , in our view , deserve our time and attention to the successful opening of Cyprus .
As far as the form of the legislative programme is concerned , I am delighted that the programme will begin by the committees in the House .
It is good that we have the opportunity to tackle the programme and its priorities .
As Mr Prodi said , it is not a question of giving a chance to liberate projects and he has mentioned a few priorities .
But I have been watching the programme .
There is little warnings on 49 , with little detail .
These 49 parties contain various initiatives .
It is very difficult to define real priorities and the areas which we have absolutely special political commitment , which we need to address , from which we have to deal with ourselves .
Something has to change .
We need to change our methods .
I hope that in September we will be in a position to invoke any initiative in its entirety .
I do not want to say that the proposed initiatives are not justified but we need more information .
Perhaps we have proposed some of the initiatives , but there are some views that are perhaps not so important .
To what extent is this programme a request to the Commission to take the initiative ?
We cannot find answers to these questions .
But I would like answers .
This is not a question of interference in the Commission &apos; s right of initiative on the treaties , but a question of quality control .
In conclusion , I would like to say that it would be useful if we could reach an agreement in September , and to conclude the debate until December , Madam President of the European Commission , as President of the European Commission , as President of the European Commission , as President of the European Commission , that is our priority for Europe .
What do you think about this ?
We should work to tackle our work - a reasoned and vigorous approach .
Finally , I would like to say a word on Nice or the post @-@ Nice process .
As the European Parliament , we should seek a long @-@ term and open debate on the part of the institutions for Danes .
My group could establish a convention in which the European Parliament and the Council are actively involved in a Convention , which the European Parliament and the Council are actively involved .
( Applause )
Madam President , my group also supports the fact that , in this debate , we really find ourselves in the process of central priorities and to look at this industry &apos; s approach to a moment in which we can be forgotten in this debate .
First of all , I would like to say that the greatest problem is the lack of instruments which the European Union can help to ensure that it really succeeds , for example , the challenges of globalisation , which are the means to protect the challenges of globalisation .
I should just like to point out that the Nice Summit was not able to adopt a decision in the Nice resolution , which could be decided on by qualified majority voting on taxation matters .
This means that we leave the market to do so .
We shall be able to take the finger on our taxation system , and this is , of course , a fundamental limitation which we call for here as the European social model , which we call for a social model to develop society .
This has been mentioned more slowly .
There is no doubt that we really need to take steps against increasing racism because we are not able to make any people and asylum seekers .
We all have a major public responsibility here .
Madam President , in this House , very often words are being said about the citizen .
The people here today have said that the citizens should be involved in decision making , but this is unfortunately often forgotten when it is .
I shall now mention an topical example .
In particular , the institutions are trying to set up a situation where the citizens of the European Union are to ensure that the Union &apos; s decision is to be informed of the Union &apos; s decision @-@ making process .
I would like to warn all my fellow MEPs and all the Members of the House because it is now a regulation that is intended to protect the confidential work of the institutions , i.e. the opposite .
We cannot accept this and we must also discuss this issue more publicly .
This cannot be done totally behind closed doors , as is the case at the moment .
Madam President , Mr Prodi , at the beginning of his speech , Mr Prodi referred to sustainable development and this is a very central issue for my group .
If we do not really manage to establish a programme of sustainable development in Gothenburg , we have missed a chance which might not be squared .
The Commission has to demonstrate and show that there is no need for the Commission to commit itself to this .
But it is true that there are always problems in these practical situations .
Today , the Commission will publish its White Paper on the website paper , but I have reason to ensure that the Commission &apos; s approach to the Commission &apos; s approach is actually intended to safeguard the economic interests of industry as a result of the fact that dangerous chemical substances are actually being drawn up .
We cannot accept this if we talk about sustainable development .
The competitiveness of the environment is an aspect which should be taken seriously and , in particular , the Commission should listen to companies and the economic operators who have recognised that sustainable development can also be a good business .
At present the major reform of agricultural policy is being discussed and we want to encourage and ask the Commission to adopt an overall approach and not just a few quick steps , and we are faced with a real change in the model .
Madam President , I would like to end by saying that , in conclusion , Annex IV of the Treaty of Nice is certainly the best part of the whole Treaty .
It contains a great commitment to Parliament and the Commission , and also for the Swedish Presidency , the Swedish Presidency , the re @-@ evaluation of this procedure which the European Union will be striving seriously .
My group fully supports the initiative which you have proposed before the summit of the next six months before the summit of the Summit in the next six months , which includes the national parliaments and also those of the candidate countries .
It is with regret that I have taken note of the fact that we should be satisfied with the fact that we should be satisfied with the national parliaments .
No , civil society is something to be desired .
We have to take them seriously and should not be allowed to go more away with the national interests , which will only guarantee the national interests .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , reading the work programme for 2001 gives me a number of questions , firstly to the role of the European Union in Europe and the world .
The negotiations with the candidate countries are to be continued , in your document , in your document , which refers to 18 further items that have been concluded this year .
How can we describe it if we do not have bureaucratic data , a idea of the problems which have been resolved and that the problems which we have to make are the problems of the political choices we have to make .
Apart from that , I think that the concept of the European Union &apos; s strategy in the Balkans , its relations with Russia and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , is , and that is , the whole seven lines - , in particular , cut and cut .
The measures taken by the Union in these areas have also been critical of critical voices , such as last week at the Euro @-@ Mediterranean forum .
What lessons do you learn from such assessments ?
What is the Union &apos; s development policy ?
For the poorest , you have just established that , in addition to the commercial action which you mentioned earlier , you have created the model of US Aid , in essence , which replaces the lines of US aid in essence .
With regard to other countries , it is replaced by the WTO philosophy by the WTO philosophy .
Now , what is the ambition of Europe to its southern neighbours .
The second major priority which I would like to ask you is the new economic and social agenda .
The Commission must prepare for the decisions taken in this context to be rejected by crushing structural indicators .
What is the role of these indicators to play the social concerns and what is meant by the very sensitivity of human development ?
For example , you have no social condition for the Commission &apos; s assent to large companies .
Why not ?
What do you intend to do in the future to prevent the repetition of events such as Michelin , Danone , ABB , cigars and others , where the announcement of excellent financial results with plans ?
Why are you asking for the reform of the directive on European Works Councils to next year ?
In this context , you have announced a White Paper on responsible political leadership which should include a partnership with civil society .
As I am in the thick of the twentieth World War in 1984 , I should like to speak with both hands , but I do not feel that , behind a political announcement of a political announcement , it is almost a political announcement of all these guidelines based on a political announcement of all these guidelines .
What steps would you take , Mr President of the Commission , to do so in 2001 ?
Madam President , the agreement reached in Nice is now the way forward for enlargement of the Union .
It was the main objective of achieving this in the context of the conciliation system and , in my opinion , the accession of candidate countries to the European Union is nothing more .
The key task of the current 15 Member States of the European Union is to ensure that the Treaty of Nice is held in an early manner .
The provisions of Nice can only enter into force if the process of ratification is concluded in the 15 Member States of the Union .
I note with interest that today &apos; s debate is the process of carrying forward the Nice European Council .
I would like to warn all parties concerned before concluding the European Union &apos; s wide developments in the European Union .
That is really the key element in the European Union .
Those who talk about greater political integration in the Union are obvious that the Treaty of Nice is naturally ratified .
That goes without saying , however .
The Treaty must be easily understandable to the 370 million citizens of the Union , in a more understandable way and in a way that ensures that they will be able to support the support and the good will of all our citizens .
This criticism is particularly against those who propose to introduce complete federal structures within the European Union .
It seems to be set up in Europe which , in my opinion , is good for us and what is good for us and will be given the necessary changes to the citizens .
However , the political operators do not work .
We are proposing proposals .
We will then try to gain the European citizen within our own parliaments or by referenda in the context of our respective parliaments or referenda .
We will have to support the enlargement of the Union and recognise the right of candidate countries to join the European Union to join the European Union , of the importance of the provisions of the Treaty of Nice and its far @-@ reaching political consequences .
However , in any case , the European Union should continue to debate the debate on new political developments in the Union until the Treaty of Nice is not ratified by each Member State .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I heard with some hesitation the speeches made by the chairman of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and the institutional divide of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and the institutional divide which has been levelled at the sectoral policy of the foreign ministers of the Member States .
In my opinion , this is symptomatic of what President Prodi has just discussed on the programme , as it were , as it were , as it were , a book of the selection of a list , which is what Mr Prodi has announced in his speech .
There is still the problem of the basic problem which has now been discussed with a view to modern Europe , and that is the way in which it has been described as a state of American origin , and that is what we Europeans have seen as a social state .
The latter is , and remains , the way in which we want a social or liberal state .
Do we want more state and less market or less market ?
We have heard that , last year , we have been able to create 2.5 million jobs in Europe , which , under Commission President Prodi , has been allocated to us , and , in my opinion , Mr Prodi has made an excellent result , but also on the basis of the territorial distribution of these jobs within the Union .
There are no unemployed in the South of Italy , while the Union could deal with such a solution as two problems .
I am also thinking of your comments on the internal reform of the Commission , Mr President .
I know that , for example , the passion of the Commission are being attacked , and this passion on the internal market , which , for example , gives rise to concerns on the part of the Commission , who are concerned about cuts in the way in which the employees and staff of the European Parliament could influence the positions of the European Parliament .
Mr President , a few Eurosceptics say yes about the Treaty of Nice , because non @-@ federalists are protesting .
Some non @-@ federalists say yes , because Euro @-@ seekers are opposed to a vote , but for both groups .
Eurosceptics need to be given power from the national parliaments to Brussels .
federalists should be opposed to making decisions from the electorate and representatives of the EU officials and ministers of the EU .
Nice means , briefly , that less democracy is .
We have all a common interest in guaranteeing a democratic debate before the next Treaty .
Yesterday &apos; s door must cease to cease the next Treaty to be negotiated by the representatives of the next Treaty .
The discussion must not only be public , but the citizens are also involved directly in the discussion , in the countries where it is allowed to vote in referenda .
This is the background to this background , federalists who are discussing the future of Europe &apos; s future .
What is to be decided on in Brussels , what will the national parliaments decide ?
The Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities does not believe that , as far as the Europe of Democracies and Diversities is concerned , there is a need for an open , less large @-@ scale European cooperation .
We want to see most of the decisions made in the Member States and regions .
The wealth of Europe lies in its differences in its differences and we see no need for the EU to change a decision by the City Council in townships .
It is a matter of this kind that we can define very well .
Finally , I hope that the preparatory work which the Commission will now use is being used for a pluralist discussion between all the different views on European integration .
Mr President , today &apos; s debate on the issue of an oral question on the monitoring of the European Council of Nice , which is still not yet signed , and the next Intergovernmental Conference should be convened in 2004 , as a matter of urgency , as a reminder of the importance of a new round of negotiations .
The Commission , and in particular the Commission , expect , as the President said just now , the great European Transport Council , which was opposed to the Nice Council , to set up a convention similar to the Charter of Fundamental Rights last year .
But there is no need to stop the debate on this issue either .
The idea of a European constitution depends on the idea of a European State which does not want to turn our peoples .
The Council of Nice - and it is important to stress that this idea of the future Intergovernmental Conference has to apply , because the future Europe needs no future state , a network of nations , a network of nations , and a network of nations .
At the moment we must consider the way in which the debate is held .
It has to be said openly that the Convention which has been drawn up the Charter of Fundamental Rights was a failure because it is constantly confused and , in the end , a text which , in the ears of the name of a supranational state , is not acceptable , but for the whole of a supranational state .
Of course , the Intergovernmental Conference must be prepared in other ways , but not through a convention in the state of the state of affairs which we face .
With regard to the next Intergovernmental Conference , a debate must be held in and with the national parliaments , which will take responsibility .
In a second stage , the IGC should only be negotiating , that is to say , at least one quarter of the national parliaments of the Union &apos; s national parliaments .
This would ensure that contact with the national democracies is being respected and that the links with national democracies are respected .
Mr Prodi , we understand how difficult it is to highlight all the issues which the European Commission must address in a brief document .
I shall therefore confine myself to two key areas , which I would like to see .
Let us look at what is currently happening in the agricultural sector : the European People &apos; s Party believes that the common agricultural policy should reconsider the common agricultural policy and , in particular , clarify the importance of future strategies .
Let us only consider the financial burden of our budget through agricultural policy , which is based on the back of agriculture or on the issues of globalisation .
You yourself mentioned the proposal from Commissioner Lamy , which is very important , but there is considerable implications for agriculture .
Or we are thinking about future developments in the food production sector , in the field of tourism and biotechnology .
If we are to accept the issues of enlargement and the consolidation of farming in certain regions such as the Mediterranean , we would like to know what European agriculture intends to achieve , and , in particular , we are sure that this model will not be sacrificed on the altar of foreign policy or as a result of the situations derived from international requirements .
The second problem concerns the Mediterranean , the importance of an forum which we took part of last week .
With regard to the Mediterranean , there are still major problems open to the Mediterranean .
We want to see a policy which has the same prerogatives in the southern Cone , which is comparable to the other countries of the European Union .
Mr President , President Prodi .
We have heard a great deal of momentum today .
I would like to refer to your last words , which also referred to Parliament &apos; s role , i.e. the role of MEPs .
Fine , fine words , Mr President , but not quite specific .
I would , however , like to make a clear comment .
The situation is : we want a strong Commission because we are convinced that the basis of a future Europe is not , above all , the basis of a future of Europe .
We also hope that you will be strengthening both the construction of parliamentarism and the strengthening of parliamentary democracy .
In general terms , you will agree with this .
In fact , Mr President , if your Vice @-@ President of the Council said in a discussion in the relevant committee , you would propose a kind of forum for the future of the post @-@ Nice process - Members - parliamentarians - civil society - and I do not say that , in this way , such an forum should be introduced against the Convention .
Mr President , we want a convention to have a statute of parliamentarians from the European Parliament and national MEPs .
That is what we have to do , since we are asking you to make your clear and clear support .
Mr President , I know that there are also the Commission &apos; s criticism - directly and indirectly - that this Parliament has weaknesses .
There are weaknesses in this Parliament .
However , the weaknesses of this Parliament and of the parliamentary nature of Europe must be changed in the European Parliament , and not an additional obstacle to Parliament .
This brings me to the next point : and I am right to be able to publish a White Paper today , and I am right to send you a White Paper .
The concept of good governance is a little problem .
I would say more well @-@ bound .
The democratic decision @-@ making process must be strengthened , and I am right to do so .
We must also tame it .
It also includes dialogue with civil society .
I agree absolutely .
This is something we have to do more than MEPs .
The key question is this : is the inclusion of civil society being replaced by a replacement of direct parliamentary democracy or not ?
Is the civil society in a way in the way of consulting parliamentary debate and decision making ?
This too must be clear and clear to Parliament .
( Applause )
In this connection , I will also come to the regulation , because this is also a new &quot; common &quot; word .
War @-@ based regulation also comes into force with &quot; rationalised &quot; .
No , Mr President .
In order to make any decisions , Parliament must decide , the Council , parliamentary bodies .
It is true that we need to make a transparent decision @-@ making process and not , as we have now done , and not in public , and not in public , but , in the first place , we are talking about the Commission and the environment .
We must embark on a dialogue with the negotiators in a dialogue and debate , and we must adopt their advice and their ideas .
But we cannot make the wolf sheep .
In the future , what will we want to control , that is to say in future ?
I do not think so .
It would be just as if I would say that the feedingstuffs industry and the regulations are intended to determine the rules governing the electoral companies themselves .
That cannot be our position .
There is one small point in this context : there is a growing trend in the Commission &apos; s communication .
In other words , what the Council and Parliament decide will be to decide that it would be possible to determine the Commission as it sees it as possible , as it might be .
This too is a dangerous way !
The Commission makes proposals .
It has a right of initiative .
I readily admit that .
However , practical action must be made to the parliamentary bodies and , in this way , we must not make any changes to the Commission .
If it is , then the European Court of Justice is called .
Finally , Mr Prodi , we expect a whole host of proposals from the Commission .
However , we also expect the respect for parliamentary construction , as we have the Commission .
We expect you to be more interested in our desire to strengthen your desire .
( Applause )
Mr President , the President of the Commission has stated that the institutions should act in a responsible , transparent and efficient manner , and he promised that he will present a White Paper on good governance .
Perhaps we should start with improving the quality of governance in the Union &apos; s work programme .
We should concentrate in our political work on areas where EU @-@ wide action is essential .
We should ensure that the principle of subsidiarity always remains respected .
In view of the Commission &apos; s recommendation for a single European research market , I am referring to the proposal for a single European research market .
In the case of each new state of affairs , it is important that we should make a contribution at EU level , as suggested by my colleague Mr Clegg , in order to ensure that the proposed measures are met in this House to ensure that the criteria of subsidiarity and proportionality meet the criteria of subsidiarity and proportionality .
Mr Prodi , instead of repeating the proposals in annexes on the actual document , let me add your speech to the European Union &apos; s position on a detailed list of proposals .
The proposals should result in a serious debate on a serious debate in the College of Commissioners and not simply on the points in the annex .
Our committee should evaluate the individual Commissioners from their respective competences .
The report must be voted on here in our plenary sitting .
Nice has shown that we cannot make progress on the intergovernmental path .
It is now up to us to find convincing arguments for a competitive Europe .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , I endorse the demands for more concrete answers .
The political unity of Europe has not progressed in Nice .
On the contrary , what has happened there is renationalisation .
What we failed to do , Mr Prodi , I believe that it is essential to recognise that it is the Council &apos; s arrogance of Europe .
These are the nature of their nature from the parliaments .
Mr Prodi , the Commission &apos; s position is unclear and very vague , especially on the question of the post @-@ Nice process .
You have a critical words on the Treaty , but I hear , in my own country , the Commission has produced a huge amount of water in my own country , which is an historic breakthrough and success in the Treaty of Nice .
You have found critical words , but your Commissioner gave us a reversal of the debate rather than one of the world &apos; s distinguishing forum rather than one Convention .
Mr President of the Commission , I would like to ask you a very specific answer to a clear question : does you intend to ask Parliament if it is going to be a supplementary issue , and the enlargement of the Nice Council of Nice , for the crucial democratic principles such as the separation of powers , water and telecommunications , and so on ?
Mr President , Nice was a retrograde step - of sustaining democracy , more transparency , more energetic and no detail !
In my view , the post @-@ Nice Summit must therefore be used to rescue the Union before Nice .
I would like to mention four points which are important to me .
Firstly , I would like to ask the Council to rectify the number of seats for the Czech Republic and Hungary in the European Parliament , making it possible to make discrimination against these two countries .
Secondly , a clear common position on the future of the European Union must not mean new renationalisation .
Thirdly , in my opinion , the Intergovernmental Conference , which is also based on legitimacy and authority for reform , and fourthly and fourth , should not be allowed to be able to take part in 2004 , at a moment where the Commission and Parliament will not be involved in the end of 2004 .
Mr President , for years , we have been following our priorities , because we do not fully achieve our objectives , or it is because we are faced with the bad political , technological and economic challenges facing ever new and difficult challenges .
The problem of employment and working conditions is still unresolved and we need to get our skills , and we must be able to cope with them for the benefit of our people as well as to the citizens of the candidate countries , and the structures , economic adjustments and social and social relations .
It is not a question of speeding up the process of speeding up the process of enlargement , but rather to implement it in accordance with real circumstances and to speed up the actual pace in order to achieve a morally correct decision .
We must not lose sight of the fight against illegal immigration , organised crime , sexual crime , the exploitation of women and trafficking in human beings , but we have to recognise that the formal proper documents do not fulfil any major practical documents .
We are waiting for a European regulation for the use of the Internet .
After all , there is no freedom , but it is only a matter of breaches of national and international laws .
The consolidation of Mediterranean policy adopted by the European Parliament during its last part @-@ session must be established as quickly as possible , and this is also the case for peace in the Middle East .
In all areas , one currently needs absolute priority to the other priorities : food safety and the health of citizens .
In the name of a wrong indication of what has been said , the consumer &apos; s health and the illegal profit of some people will be left to the end of this morning and will be destroyed all the areas of agriculture and the food industry .
The consequences will be devastating if we do not need to properly examine and react in time .
Too often , after the last news news , the governments have been told about mad cow disease , mad cows , in all the notifications which have not just been described as an economic and health policy but , as an ecological and health disease , has proven to be too late .
Mr Prodi , we urge you to ask the Council to set up a monitoring and monitoring body , but I would like to ask ourselves for greater monitoring by your presidency .
Mr President , we are faced with a number of open questions before Nice .
These issues concern the demarcation between national and European competences , simplifying the rules , the status of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the role of the national parliaments in the architecture of the European Union .
What does the Member States intend to go to ?
This question is closely linked to the European Union &apos; s administrative policy .
We must be aware of the fact that only more clearly we can expect the powers to be able to base acceptance of the powers and political decisions at European level .
It is therefore important that the national parliaments should be involved in the preparation of the Intergovernmental Conference in the run @-@ up to the Intergovernmental Conference .
On the one hand , as early as possible , in the Member States , and on the other hand , it will be possible to implement the possibility of resolving the problems possible for ratification of ratification .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we are now entering a start to the situation : the Amsterdam Treaty , which we call the Nice Council , must be resolved in Nice .
I believe that we must also have a clear procedure in this respect .
The question is that it is only a declaration of intent that will be adopted in a convention which will be adopted in a convention , and the 15 will again be in the same way as in Nice ?
I think that we must clarify this issue , both in terms of the method and to the objectives of where it is supposed to be differentiated .
It also needs to be considered , after almost all the Heads of Government say that the governance of Nice is bad , and what methods may even be made before the post @-@ Nice process , for example in connection with the post @-@ Nice process , for example in the past .
In fact , this is also the way to delay enlargement .
Enlargement is the second major issue which we have to fulfil , and we have to fulfil our historic duty here .
This leads me to the third point .
We have to see that transatlantic relationships are not getting into new security discussions , that the Americans do not understand what we are doing with our defence and defence policy and we do not understand the Americans with their programme .
I think we can begin by saying that enlargement is our main defence security policy .
Secondly , if we develop our own skills , this part of the NATO Alliance will continue to be responsible for collective security in Europe .
And thirdly , I believe that this is the way to create a common market organisation .
The head of the American President , Robert Bravery , is the author of the Water Declaration of 1990 .
I would ask you to stop this tradition once again so as to put a strain on the sea .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , three brief comments are made .
Firstly , on the first stage , not only the public debate - the remarks made by Mr Swoboda and Mr Brok - but at the first stage also includes the formal declaration of punishment .
My very specific question to you is : do you intend to be able to table a joint proposal from the Commission and the Parliament in 2001 , in the course of 2001 , to present a joint proposal from the Commission and Parliament for the further opening of the process of &quot; Nice &quot; ?
That is the first question which concerns the method .
With regard to the second question , I welcome the fact that we have to establish an institution for the participation of governments , the Commission , the European Parliament and the national parliaments .
We want a convention to achieve a convention for the future of the post @-@ Nice process , a Convention which is going to be held for public debate , and , at the same time , a clear proposal for the Intergovernmental Conference and the issues which will then be negotiated in 2004 .
The third question concerns issues .
Four issues are set out , which is feasible and can be able to do so , but we all know that not only should these issues be investigated , but that we must have a lot more and more in 2004 .
I would all like to say that we call on this curious term &apos; post @-@ Nice &apos; Nice process .
It is not about &quot; Amsterdam &quot; .
It is , in fact , not only the end of a era but , in Nice , it is also the end of an era , the era of the European construction process of the fifties , 1960s , seventies and 1980s .
We now need to prepare for a new European Union , that is to say , a European Union of the twenty @-@ first century .
We are not talking about the &quot; Amsterdam process &quot; . It is a question of creating renewal of the European construction process and we need to be clear about this .
If we consider the public to win the public , if we want to win public debate , then it is not enough to start a &quot; Amsterdam process &quot; , but we must make the people clear that it is a new European Union in a new Europe which has changed since 1990 .
Mr President , allow me to start by saying that I am extremely disappointed that no Minister of the presidency is present in this important discussion .
Mr President of the Commission , in the wake of the negotiations after Nice , it is clear that the unfortunate limits behind closed doors have been demonstrated behind closed doors .
It has now become clear and has been promised a broad social debate on Europe &apos; s objectives , its future and tasks .
That is a good thing .
The promise .
But how should this be done ?
If the citizens of Europe really are to take part in the debate on the future of the common European project , they will also be able to influence them .
Is the Commission prepared to include proposals and ideas and implement them ?
In this case , it means that the EU will change and simplify the EU .
It is well known that many citizens want a clear constitution .
When will they obtain this ?
We also know that the environment , asylum and cross @-@ border crime are important issues which the citizens want to see a strong , dynamic and complicated EU .
Are the Commission and the Council prepared to provide the EU with these instruments ?
Unfortunately , the results of Nice are unfortunately a disincentive .
We know that there is a general discrepancy here with regard to the fact that the Union has far too many details .
If the Commission is prepared to give a universal application to the famous principle of subsidiarity and find a procedure in order to limit the enormous workload which characterises all of us in Brussels and Strasbourg .
The EU and the national parliaments and , of course , this Parliament must have a real influence on the procedures , and of course , in this Parliament , and of course the agenda and the decisions on the future of the EU .
But how ?
That is the key issue in the air and which all colleagues have raised .
From what happened in the year 2000 , Mr Romano Prodi , you are very difficult to agree to you , your programme of Europe and the year 2001 .
According to your programme , we believe that it is extremely serious and serious that the problem of competition is not at all .
In their proposals , the new economy and millions of new jobs have been created without taking account of the need to create these jobs in those areas where there is a high range of qualified and medium @-@ sized people involved in the most vulnerable areas .
Neither the economic and budgetary problems needed by the need for new Member States , including the tragedy for the new world , is still ignored by the tragedy of immigration from the third world which , in particular , has been brought into line with the ultra @-@ liberal globalisation .
It is not about the great disappointment of Nice and , in this context , that the States are no longer able to see a direct democratic decision on the Union or the Union &apos; s direct democratic decision by nations without state or judicial bodies .
Mr President , Mr Romano Prodi , the Commission must not close and forget that in European society there is currently a process of process which needs to be concluded with a view to adopting a constitution of the Union .
It would be a good thing if the Council , the Commission and Parliament were to adopt the initiative which calls for the citizens to be asked .
Mr President of the Commission , today &apos; s Eurosceptics have disappeared .
You were faced with a dominant structure in this House which is in tune with the Nice European Union , which is directly unavailable to the political arrogance they have demonstrated and which , unfortunately , has shown that they have not learnt and rush from the past because they have nothing to do from the past .
Now , the enlarged European Union needs to do precisely the opposite , so that it was not simply seen by Amsterdam on the eve of the Amsterdam Treaty of Nice , and if the year 2004 came to the end of 2004 .
Europe needs another strategy , another approach .
The majority must be prepared to find a reality without prejudice .
It is true that it failed to reach it in Nice .
It is now up to us to understand what kind of terrorist action has taken place , and what the real reality of the people is of the world &apos; s becoming a reality .
It is a question of what is going to be achieved , but also the speed of speed .
If you want to impose a state and political superstructure , it is not even a European people , but not even a European people , but there is only a European public .
What is more centralism , less democracy .
Of course , the peoples are against it .
No one wants nothing to do with the democratic quality of the people in his own country , in the area of culture and culture , where it is close to the power to opt for power .
If we do not understand that , if we are not prepared to understand what we are trying to do , if we do not want to see the leadership of the national parliaments , then we will fail to do the same if we do not want to detain Europe from the Nice debate , and that is a pity , as the outcome of the Nice debate , and this is unfortunate !
It is regrettable that if the federalists continue to continue their close agricultural evasion , it would be a matter for the people of the people and the same disappointment as a result of the history of Europe .
What is being prepared is not going to be a keynote .
We need a completely different European strategy , a strategy with nations on the basis of peoples , and no longer the people who are divided and against nations .
More than a European debate , we need fifteen national debates in the context of enlargement , national debates on Europe , without compromising and ambiguities on the table .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the lack of a specific work programme for the preparation of the forthcoming institutional reform , as you noted , is concerned with this Parliament .
It seems that we should wait for the Laeken guidelines to move into movement .
However , the debate on the future of the Union has been launched for months , with speeches from various Heads of State and Government , and Parliament has already been active .
The Commission passivity , if they were confirm , would be extremely serious in this preliminary stage , because we all know that it is a major responsibility : it is the guardian of the world .
This responsibility must be found in concrete proposals and not in Dalarna with a White Paper or other dossiers .
I sincerely welcome the fact that President Prodi has reiterated his support this morning in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that he has confirmed that the proposal of a forum does not make any headway in connection with the previous Convention , but the quest for a better functioning convention .
But if this is the case , what is the name ?
The Europeans are now aware of what is a convention and that it has been able to examine its openness and openness , and they could look beyond the lessons of the last Intergovernmental Conference .
His opponents do not reject the name , they reject the Convention .
Let us , therefore , be fighting on the welfare side and to the public , so that we can fight the public and the Commission .
Let us not go back to those who do not want a democratic and transparent Europe , but a single , diplomatic Europe .
The Union does not need a Commission @-@ wide Commission .
It needs an active and courageous Commission , as we ask them today .
Mr President , if we finally want the debate on the future of the European Union , we need a solid institutional mandate .
The proposals which you have made this morning will enable us to give us the courage of Mr Hänsch , the basic partner of our colleague , Mr Hänsch , to restore this dialogue between our two institutions in order to achieve this dialogue within the institutional perspective .
But if we want to make progress on this path , it is not helpful to denounce this or the Council &apos; s attitude .
We need a strong Council and we need a strong council within our institutional power .
There are reforms which can be carried out without any change in the Treaty .
We should support the initiatives in this respect in the Council instead of transforming us from the Council , as Mr Poettering has done earlier .
My second point relates to the White Paper on good political leadership that we expect with impatience .
We take note of the debate on the debate which will lead to competences in Annex IV , i.e. competences .
However , I would like to draw your attention to a point that has already been made .
You have explained this morning that you want a Europe closer to the citizens .
In our opinion , if we are to make progress here , we are making real improvements .
In fact , we are getting back to our constituencies , in our constituencies , who are faced with the difficulties there if the Commission wishes to refuse .
The long @-@ windedness of the procedures , the concentration of the projects will be desired in this respect .
The third point concerns the debate on the future of the Union .
In my opinion , this morning you have presented some elements that will enable us to start dialogue under good conditions .
Of course , the question must be raised , and the institutional issues later on .
It is , of course , on the international level of the Union &apos; s political weight , the question of solidarity , and I think it is crucial to talk about the social model in this context - of the social model - which is a crucial issue for the European Union .
As far as the method is concerned , we are delighted that you have taken the view that the four partners of the Convention must resume the four partners in the Convention once again with its ability to develop Europe .
It must be differentiated between the advisory and the relevant bodies .
The Convention must remain a competent body because the experiences of Amsterdam and Nice have shown that the European Parliament &apos; s representatives are not sufficiently sufficient , because we are convinced that the procedure of the Convention would be sufficient , because we are convinced that all proposals can be drafted in this context .
There is no separation between human rights issues in political bodies and , on the other hand , the issues surrounding institutional aspects , which were only reserved for diplomatic bodies .
Nice has demonstrated that the Convention &apos; s procedures would facilitate , faster and more rapid progress , and to strengthen our common operation .
Mr President , enlargement is the most important European project .
I thank the Commission for its preparatory use .
But now that is the difficult part .
We are now talking about speed .
The first enlargement will be completed in Copenhagen in 1 years , in December 2002 .
That is the objective of the Commission and we take it to the floor .
I would like to ask the next few words to keep in close contact with the candidate countries and to help the candidate countries in good time .
But , Mr President , not only the candidate countries should adapt to us , we must adapt to it .
A EU with 27 Member States must learn to focus its powers on the large and cross @-@ border tasks .
That is not what we are doing at the moment .
You said a year ago here in Parliament , Mr President of the Commission , that the Union should be left from all - and I quote : &quot; gold minor &quot; - which is imposed by the Council of Ministers and Parliament .
You have repeatedly affirmed on the words &apos; ridiculous expectations &apos; , and you are right .
It is time to do something about it .
We would call for a tariff @-@ saving , but at the same time a stronger EU !
Let us deal with too many things .
I suggest that you , Mr President of the Commission , would like to see a courageous Commissioner with the fight against Bangladesh and less important regulations and that the Conference of Presidents of the European Parliament &apos; s parliaments and the European Parliament for EC affairs and the European Parliament &apos; s adoption of EC affairs
In return , a strong Commission must give a strong Commission so that the Union can act in the same way .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a spectre is about in Europe .
The spectre of the repairable system is the spectre of the world .
The tendency to intergovernmentalism - the Council - has led to Europe in the wake of the Nice scandal , and Mr Prodi , we are the natural ally of the Commission .
The Commission and Parliament must work closely together on this issue .
If Parliament , Mr Prodi , sometimes contradicts the Commission &apos; s criticism , then this is not the fault of the Commission but the expression of our democratic commitment .
There is no doubt that this is what we are doing , which is something we do not !
National parliaments have been addressed .
I am very keen that a convention and not an forum for the next steps will take action for the next steps , as the Council of Ministers , the Commission , Parliament and the European Parliament are concerned .
We cannot do away with the rights of so @-@ called socially motivated groups .
It would be important if this could be clearly formulated in the Commission .
Moreover , we must reflect on the role of the national parliaments in Europe .
It is important that the national parliaments monitor the Council .
That is their task .
You have no toilets with the institutions such as the Commission or even Parliament .
So when it comes to the participation of the national parliaments , it must be made up in the legislative process to the Council .
They cannot limit the role of the European Parliament .
We are also keen to clarify this clarification .
The Commission &apos; s work will be on asylum and immigration .
We are not going to work on a European asylum and defence policy , but as Commissioner Vitorino has rightly said - individual directives .
But we need a common approach which is still lacking and that the Commission needs to work .
To this end - and here I represent a similar position like the Commission - and I represent a very similar position , as the Commission will begin , and the next step would be a broad advisory procedure , a broad base which is the next step .
This body could , in analogy with the Convention establishing Charter of Fundamental Rights , also drafted by representatives of the European Parliament , the national parliaments and governments .
The results would then be confirmed by a short Intergovernmental Conference .
We would , of course , look at the issues mentioned by the European Council , including a subject which , in essence , is worthy of the Commission &apos; s White Paper on good governance .
I would be interested to hear how the Commission has the most stringent links with these two processes , especially as they differ .
On the other issues which have to be addressed , the future of the High Representative and the question of enlargement of Parliament &apos; s powers to all legislative legislative procedures , i.e. those which are currently exempt from this conflict , are the future of a multi @-@ conflict conflict .
We have to deal with the codification of the Treaties .
I would like a special procedure for this .
Perhaps this year we should form a committee from experts from the Member States and the institutions that could complete the codification and simplification of the Treaties , so that political work will be able to begin on the basis of a simplified and secondary text next year .
That would be the case , and we could be able to devote our full attention to political work .
That would be my proposal for action .
Mr President , the agenda of the Heads of State and Government for the post @-@ Nice process is political and not determined by the Union to prepare for enlargement .
The subjects which are intended to take account of a compromise on a compromise front for Brussels to the effect of a compromise on the part of the Member States will , however , be a further gesture .
It is not possible to definitive a final division between European and national competences .
Cooperation is not a procedural element but a dynamic process .
Issues which were taboo , such as the euro , can be regarded as important .
The criterion is the social necessity and cannot be complacent .
A forum on the future of Europe &apos; s future is an excellent idea , but the result is very good indeed .
As far as these future countries are concerned , there are totally different ideas in the individual countries , in political parties and even within political parties .
Anyone who wants to restore citizens &apos; confidence must be a more transparent and competitive Europe , which is why a political structure does not constitute a renationalisation of policy but to reinforce the political institutions of the Union .
These issues are on the agenda , so that we can prove courage .
Mr President , first of all , the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 .
Never before before there were more clearly or more strong signals to ensure that the EU is less but better .
This will also be the conclusion of the European Parliament in the coming weeks , when its committees are looking at this programme .
In view of 600 initiatives , with almost 200 initiatives , there is a great deal to be looked at , and we need to consider its own priorities .
If I come from the post @-@ Nice process , I would like to see it in the context of the European future .
We are addressing the history of the European Union over recent decades and the European continent of last century .
I would like to take this opportunity to quote from Milan from Milan on the subject of laughter and quotas which he says : &quot; The people shout that they want to see a better future , but that is not true .
The future is a fine lesson , which nobody wishes to see , whilst the past has been held by life and we are suspicious of their face , and it is offensive so that we would destroy it or explore them .
The people of Europe want to be able to change the past . &quot;
Now we have changed the past , and Europe is quite different from the point of view of the super @-@ European water mantra .
The four aspects of the four @-@ Nice Treaty still remain neither irrelevant nor lacks .
Our position on the key issues is clear .
We want more involvement of the national parliaments , to be more reliable and constructive .
We would welcome a few brief restrictions on competences as stated in the Berlin declaration of the European People &apos; s Party last month , provided that it is not an excuse to strengthen the centre .
Furthermore , streamlining the Treaties would also be in public interest , but it should not be as an excuse for the establishment of a full European constitution , but it should not be as a pretext for a legally binding Charter of Fundamental Rights with a lawyer Charter of Fundamental Rights .
All these issues deserve as broad public debate as possible .
In the past , even though open consultation has been re @-@ open , the officials of the various Member States have failed to meet closed doors at the IGC of Nice and Maastricht .
This must change the next round of change .
There must be a genuine consultation of civil society which is the expression of cultural and political transparency that we are happy to promote .
Mr Corbett mentioned the President .
I would quote even George Bush , which society with thousands of innocents .
Our debate on the institutional future of the EU must not be restricted to the limited resources of the political world of Brussels , but we must take advantage of the democratic potential of the Internet and public accessibility .
The EU must work towards a truly open society .
The citizens must have a say , including the candidate countries .
We should also consider a new date for the next Intergovernmental Conference .
The year 2004 , the Commission is no longer able to replace and replace its proposal for a revision of its proposal , and it will be held in the European elections .
It would be a timely time for the Conference to give the citizens the opportunity to give the citizens the opportunity to express its assent or vote on a number of important decisions on the part of governments , and that enlargement will then be started .
These are the important questions .
One of the key issues in Great Britain and other countries where general elections are needed : in whose hands is the future of Europe ?
In the light of a Council of Ministers and a Commission , Europe has made the wrong path .
In the view of the forthcoming elections , the message could not be made clear : only the Conservatives can guarantee that the post @-@ Nice process will be found in the post @-@ Nice process .
In order to guarantee their European future , most people in Europe want to live in Europe as the British people , but not by Europe .
( Laughter and applause )
Mr President , unlike the previous speaker , I do not want to quote George Bush &apos; s words , but I would like to say a few words .
While George Bush was interpreted by MARPOL &apos; light &apos; , he said that the shadows is not in the shadows , and this brings me to the very heart of my brief comments .
Every fifth country in this world has no access to clean drinking water , for medical provision and training .
The European Union , which is not just one trading block , is a basis for a basis for a basis and a basis for a basis of values in this area .
Last year , on the basis of a framework agreed between the Commission , the Council and Parliament on the budget 2001 , all the programmes which have been agreed on the budget for the Budget 2001 have been doubled , both in the framework of the existing budget and not en bloc , in terms of the existing budget .
We have set objectives and additional staff .
The Commission &apos; s thinking of this Commission &apos; s thinking is that there will be a lot of money and no longer the amount of funding being put into place and that we will be more concerned to achieve direct results in areas where development is also essential .
From this point of view , Europe could send a big signal that the social sector is not only involved , but also external coherence .
I hope that the Commission will present a good assessment this year .
Mr President , it is now a success of the fact that Nice was not a success in general , perhaps in terms of its opinion .
In this respect , it is not even surprising that there has been growing discussion about the post @-@ Nice process .
In this debate - and this is of paramount importance to the Commission - it is of the utmost importance that the Commission is carrying out a process of proceedings at the Millennium Summit .
Parliament has now adopted the initiative for an interim report on an early part of the summer , and for a final report which is to be presented at the end of the year , i.e. before the Millennium Summit .
Irrespective of this work , it is appropriate to make some progress .
This is what our Group is about to do in this debate .
First of all , the main theme of the Treaty of Nice must be defined in order to give the right substance to the Treaty of Nice .
The key priority should be Europe &apos; s democracy .
In fact , the mistakes taken in Nice , namely a qualified majority , are unacceptable , in fact , by qualified majority voting .
That is the error we need to correct .
Secondly , the very complicated decision @-@ making process must be changed .
The new provisions are no longer available to the citizens , and this cannot be the intention .
In my opinion , this debate on a clear demarcation line between national and European institutions is a step in the right direction .
It would be better if such a precise distribution and the European constitution could be established .
Thirdly and finally , Mr President , we have to drop from those endless , particularly from officials at intergovernmental level .
It is much more efficient , as has been done for the drafting of the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I very much hope that the Commission will accept its proposal for the creation of a forum because such a large body is not suitable .
A Convention also gives the benefit of the national parliaments .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to say nothing about Nice having nothing to do with the day .
The head of the PPE @-@ DE Group was not listening to a moment ago that he is not listening .
I am addressing the Commission &apos; s project on the foreign and security policy .
There are two aspects of the content and content of content .
In fact , I agree with the most part of the Commission &apos; s geographical lobby , until one point is that there is no mention of the Middle East .
We have been in the past and , hopefully , in the future , we will be the largest most remote and most involved in the future .
I am not enough to make a decision on its political content .
We need a different role to play in the negotiations in the Middle East .
We hope that this will not only be the job of the Council and the High Representative of the CFSP but we expect a creative initiative from the Commission .
In essence , we need the Commission &apos; s presence in the common European security and defence policy .
Our Parliament welcomes developments in this field in Mrs Lalumière &apos; s report , but I would like to confirm the honourable Member &apos; s distinguished spirit of kindness - a spectre in which Europe , especially in this area , is the spectre of the executive .
Our Parliament would like to see a common and coherent European security and defence policy .
The Commission is obliged to strengthen the adoption of this policy .
They want to do this with a contribution to crisis management and conflict prevention .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have a request to ask you : please do not get the necessary discussions with the President of the Commission during the debate because he is not listening , and I am sure he will be happy to listen .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the Commission on his report today and on his report on the year 2000 .
I would also like to highlight the important role that the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union has highlighted in this report , once again , to Commissioner Vitorino .
The European Union &apos; s fundamental rights , Mr President , must now be seen as we are in the process of preparing this Charter in the Treaty .
Of course , it means defending fundamental rights , particularly those who break up within the European Union .
I therefore believe that all initiatives which relate to the third pillar are fundamental to this Parliament .
The chairman of our group , Mr Hans @-@ Quadras Poettering , and many other speakers have spoken today .
For us , the stage of the communitisation of the Maastricht principle in Maastricht is extremely important .
And , in my opinion , this is a initiative which the Commission has outlined in its dismissive paper and which we attach great importance to the European search .
In the European Union , I believe that the European Union should not have a place for terrorists , who took a another bomb in Madrid yesterday and a attack on people &apos; s lives , of the people of Europe .
Mr President , I am sure that this initiative , one of the Commission &apos; s priorities , will soon become a reality .
I would therefore like to encourage you to continue on this line .
Mr President , unfortunately I have to repeat the statement which I have last year , that is to say that our Union lacks a lack of competition .
This is not an accusation to President Prodi or the Commission , because the Commission is undoubtedly working , or perhaps I would like to say that it is employed .
Indeed , you are dealing with almost many things .
No one is more in the situation of all the Commission and the commissioners presented by the Commission , the White Paper , White Paper and reports , but let alone a single theme in it .
My first conclusion is this : we should do less but better .
As President Prodi said this morning very rightly , it is not a question of having to be associated with the uninformed .
It is vital to establish what the Union is doing , i.e. the principle of subsidiarity .
The Commission must , even if it has good legal reasons for doing so , not the decision of a national parliament , an motorway , to build up a new Parliament on the construction of a new market or decision @-@ making process , because it is under subsidiarity .
The President of the Commission was aware of this morning . He has asked the right questions , but it is not his job .
The Commission has a right of initiative , it must make proposals .
I do not have enough time to continue to continue this debate , but I must say : if we want to build the new European house , we need not only talk @-@ sighted and certification .
I hope , Mr President of the Commission , you will be your architect .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to thank you for the fact that , with your comments today , there has been a fundamental discussion , which is what we want to wish to achieve as a Europe , which is what we want to do as a Europe .
In this discussion , Mr President , the European Parliament should play an important role in the European Parliament as a place in which all values and all the main trends of Europe are officially bound to play .
Today , as far as the debate is concerned , the debate on everything is characterised by monopolies , soil and quotes former politicians , with a reference to the most well @-@ known political man of Europe .
I gather my hair who is in his &apos; letter of prison &apos; which has to be followed by people who must be persecuted by the people in order to find a better future .
Mr President , in Lisbon and Nice , in fact , I would like to see more balance in the Commission &apos; s work programme on employment , economic and social policy measures , but it would hardly be possible to see proper evidence .
We need balanced progress in the internal market policy , competition policy and social policy , but the Commission &apos; s programme can hardly be used .
I do not see a reference to foreign aspects of this policy .
For example , in the field of competition policy and the single market , for example , the merger regulation should be supplemented in relation to the rights of workers , including their social rights , and public procurement purchasing social standards must be supplemented .
The recognition of this closer relations would have been very important , but I would like to thank you for that .
The development of the economy and the internal market is much faster than in the social sector and this can easily lead to an imbalance .
In the work programme , I can see hardly the Commission &apos; s work programme at the Nice Council in December .
We can expect further progress in the fields of open coordination , which is now the dominant area of employment and , in particular , social protection .
I would also like to raise a fundamental issue here , namely that Parliament and its rapporteurs do not have the Commission &apos; s documents in time .
In connection with these new forms of coordination , we must also comply with the usual ones .
In addition - and the end of the Commission &apos; s work programme , the Commission &apos; s work programme will present a Green Paper on the social liability of companies , which is totally impossible .
This Green Paper must be drawn up on the thousands of workers who have been victims of restructuring in recent weeks , as has a poor joke .
The legal framework in this area must be reviewed and I hope that the Commission will react quickly .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we consider it very positive that you also set up measures and initiatives which the Union is seeking to develop in the direction of developing and migration measures .
However , I would like to demand a few basic points , but we hope that the consequences will be made and that you are in no position to consider the consequences of previous initiatives .
This care - and I should like to give you just one example - is missing from the point that has been mentioned by the President of the Commission on so @-@ called family reunification .
If it comes to family reunification , that is the case of the spouse , who is to be deprived of children &apos; s children , it is a very positive measure in the interests of a integration policy which deserves our full support .
But if you are going to include the same title , the circle of those who are supposed to maintain a year &apos; s right to reunification in the Union will not have the consequences , then you have obviously not examined the consequences and is also contrary to your communications with a future immigration policy .
In addition , you take the Member States the right to decide what and how many workers could be employed in the Union , it is caught in a contradiction with what you say .
Mr President of the Commission , we will continue to support you , but we will only be able to do this if your initiatives are not contradictory and if initiatives are to solve the problems and do not result in new problems .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we agree that we need Lisbon a knowledge @-@ based economy .
I am pleased that Mr Prodi has stressed the priority of sustainable and sustainable development whose impact has been far beyond the natural environment .
We welcome the rapid developments in the energy market , despite the risk of a growth rate between the renewable objectives and the objective of sustainable development .
I hope that you will be consistent with the use of renewable energy sources and an economical way of energy .
As far as trade is concerned , we also want to see a new WTO round which should also lead to permanent and sustainable development .
I should like to take this opportunity to express my deep disappointment at Mr Prodi &apos; s deep disappointment at the fact that the European Parliament has failed to include more in commercial matters .
I strongly urge you to draw up an interinstitutional agreement which guarantees the involvement of the European Parliament in commercial matters .
We believe that reform and democratisation of the WTO should be reformed .
We believe that &apos; all goods &apos; is a good step , although some of us regret the delays in the world &apos; s least developed countries , which could put the end of our commitment to the least developed countries .
In the area of innovation and research , we are looking at a detailed Sixth Framework Programme .
Sound and vague proposals will only delay the delay and EU @-@ wide difficulties and disappointment .
The European research area is of course extremely important .
We think that the information provided for benchmarking is extremely important , especially in the economy and innovation .
With regard to my surprise , Mr Ferber has two minutes !
Ferber ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
Mr President , you have arrived at the sitting and not surprise Mr President of the Commission .
The Commission has presented a promising work programme for the year 2001 , and one can imagine that it is very hard to do so .
However , if I look at the year 2000 , the work programme for the year 2000 will be added to an additional year , and I have already expressed the concern that we will not have any time for new initiatives at the end of the day .
In other words , you need to consider whether you should consider whether you are going to be prepared in anticipation of what is going on in the post @-@ Nice process , namely the question of delimitation , whether you are not going to work on the matter , and whether you could be able to set up the question of delimitation of competences in this Europe .
In this way , you would like to reach an end to the fact that you do not have so many subjects in the next or next year , so the people can hear what is important decisions in this Europe .
I really would like to encourage you - and I have read all of you with great attention , to check what you want to propose here , whether it is not necessary to consider whether or not this would be necessary in the context of detailed competences .
A second issue I would like to address is because I am a committed defender of democracy .
I have a little concern about your approach to the new governance .
It is about the issue of the role of a elected Parliament , which must be responsible for the citizens of the European Union , in terms of associations who do not have this responsibility .
Just how many representatives of organisations are constantly working on the offices , and we are often asking ourselves where those who are at home are still residing in the home , who are still here in Europe who are in Europe ?
The purpose of such a new approach is that those who do not have the courage to have the label , while those which lie beyond the level , is that we , the European Parliament , will be disarmed .
President .
I believe that you have spoken earlier .
My surprise was not expressed on your own person , but just your time is your time !
Mr President , I can agree with what Mr Ferber said .
I am going to say nothing about the multitude of proposals that have been tabled in my area , i.e. environmental and consumer protection .
I will not say anything about it because I guess half will be done in the next year .
In a German newspaper , you are trying to make it .
It would not be desirable to find a new working jobs which would not obtain them .
If you talk about good governance , Mr Prodi , it is also a good procedure for you to gauge the fact that you know yourself , to gauge your own Commission and decide what time and running .
In order to maintain good governance , what good procedure does it mean ?
What is the fact in fact ?
Does transparency mean that transparency ?
Well , Mr Prodi .
We all want to be very happy , but is the fact that we are all very happy to participate in the debates , which you are responding to and which you wish to do so .
I say no , that is no more transparency .
And to reduce procedures , Mr Prodi .
Yes , I am in favour of cutting procedures and reduce procedures , also to reduce the procedures .
I am also in favour of limiting parliamentary procedures in Parliament , but are voluntary agreements with industry ?
Are the more rapid ?
And who controls them ?
Who then do they not function ?
Is that more democracy , I ask you ?
You , Mr Prodi , are selected by the Heads of State and Government .
However , we in the European Parliament have been elected by the citizens of the European Union , and it is directly elected .
This European Parliament has , through the definition of its existence , a central role in civil society , as you say it , and I hope you will see that you see a word of democracy .
I warn all the Commission in the Commission on this key role of this European Parliament , Mr Prodi .
It seems to me that it is very good for the Commission to carry out governance on administrative experiences and governance , and I would therefore ask you to follow up the follow @-@ up to the follow @-@ up , and I would therefore ask you to be the European Parliament &apos; s decision @-@ makers and the body that you carry out .
Mr President , last week my country found the tenth of twelve people who have tried to reach the European Union in the European Union last year .
Mr Prodi says that the European Union and its institutions will bring the citizens closer to the citizens .
In my opinion , the issues relating to the implementation of the area of freedom , security and justice are undoubtedly sensitive to the citizens of the Union .
We are in a very strange situation .
The Commission &apos; s legislative programme is good that the proposals put forward by Mr Vitorino are well established , they are clearly stated in the scoreboard that it is a time limit and we can discuss and discuss them and discuss it .
There is a good communication on immigration - I hope Mr Poettering will be aware of this - which is based on a united policy .
The same applies to asylum and cooperation , such as my colleague , as my colleague said , in combating terrorism .
While Tampere and last week in Stockholm , the Council has been emphasising the fact that we should be forced into the decisions taken by the Tampere European Council , but it is a incomprehensible way of thinking .
There was not one of the proposals that have been put on the table , nor was there any of the proposals that have been reached , neither to family reunification nor other questions .
Mr Prodi , you said before this House that there will be delays in the implementation of these policies ; you said that it is not the fault of the Commission that it is the fault of the Commission , and I would ask you : Why must this be ?
What will the Commission do to defend this part of the legislative programme , which I would like to emphasise , for a good programme ?
Thank you .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the few minutes I am not able to take note of the speeches I have made available , I would like to highlight some of them and I would like to highlight some of them in order to highlight general orientation .
First of all , in relation to Mr Cox &apos; s speech , the problem of the ongoing exchange of priorities with priorities , rather than confining itself to the environment , has been mentioned .
It is , of course , possible for us to be able to find our views on the basis of the fact that , in some cases , we consider it to be absurd to get rid of the size of the negotiators , but we need to be able to find specific points of view in order to give the impression that this morning we need specific priorities to send a picture of our policy .
Furthermore , I also believe that a government is sometimes highly controversial or tedious : we are trying to confine ourselves to a minimum , but it is simply a business .
Today , and over the last part @-@ sessions we have presented a programme for strategic planning .
Parliament will certainly appreciate the strict priorities , but these strict priorities should then be followed by detailed documents which will be extremely controversial .
It is true , however , that it is a point of view , and it will then be a concrete one .
Secondly , all - Mr Hänsch and many other Members - underlined the fact that it is in the context of the Commission / Parliament to cooperate .
Mr Hänsch also spoke about a joint proposal from our two institutions .
I do not know whether it would be helpful and , of course , we must work together to work together in order to reach a joint decision .
However , the background to which these decisions can be made may well be different and , in a common proposal , we can continue to be able to pursue a rapprochement in the committees in our daily work in order to study the analysis , analysis and difficult anticipation of the problems .
For the time being , we will have to take a difficult timetable - and that is the third problem which has been raised by Mr McMillan @-@ Weggen , and that is the third problem which has been raised by Mr McMillan @-@ Weggen .
We really have a difficult timetable : we are all talking about 2004 , but we are all talking about the total changeover of Parliament and the Commission .
If we want to bring this process a unified and closed step forward , it must be concluded that it is clear from the end of 2003 .
I would just like to issue this as a problem which we must consider , because we are all aware that the election campaign in June will be held in June in June , and then the new Commission will be appointed by the new Commission appointed in January 2005 .
That is why it is a year for the changeover and I think that this Parliament is necessarily the most important element in the European Union &apos; s important political agenda .
I consider this problem because I consider it to be absolutely absurd .
This change cannot also be taken by two parliaments or a period of transition , a phase which the Commission has no power of power or , at least , its mandate and its mandate .
I do not think that this problem is going to be solved without finding a solution , but I think we must consider this because we have set a date - the year 2004 - which we must take into consideration , and that includes problems which need to be taken into consideration .
Mr Swoboda , Mr Hänsch , Mr Hänsch , Mr Voggenhuber , Mr Voggenhuber , Mr Voggenhuber and Corbett have pointed out another point which I would like to prevent .
With regard to Danes , we are basically in agreement with the fact that we will manage to do good work and to include civil society in the debate .
In any event , our concern , and the Commission and the Commission should support each other in this debate .
As far as worries is concerned , I would also like to avoid any sort of thing . I think it is time for the debate on the future of Europe to be complete .
I would like to pass on to my judgement and to make it more clear : we need to set up a body @-@ based body according to the Convention establishing the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I repeat , according to the model , the body of the Convention must be drawn up , and it must probably be a small and medium @-@ sized country .
I just speak about the model .
However , we must have the example of developing a model .
I join Mr Barnier &apos; s proposal and the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
This body must put forward proposals , which does not necessarily require unanimity , because the time come to which we will have to table so radical proposals , which will only enable us to be able to reach unanimity .
That is why we need to think about a different diplomatic body , the same objectives .
We have to work - and we have to work on it - some of the principles of the general principles .
I would like to make it clear once again that the European Parliament must be involved , and the national parliaments , the governments of the Member States and the Commission must be involved .
This remains the nature and strength of the Union .
Of course I have noted your concern that this body should not be too large and I share them , and this is why it will be difficult to restrict these four structures to be difficult to ensure that this institutional structure , which is to be coordinated .
However , we must take the immense role of these four structures and a sufficient number of Members in order to be able to be able to be able to be able to take decisions and make decisions . The decisions have to be adopted in a majority , not unanimous , because otherwise it will be corrected .
On this basis , I believe that it will be possible to cooperate and reach budgetary proposals .
Allow me to make a further comment .
We have to be committed to two things : we want to participate in the candidate countries - and this participation is not yet adequately intended , but it will not be a vote but not clear .
We must do that , and that is why we need to consider the appropriate procedure .
Finally , we agree that we need to go further on the four issues of Nice .
So let us look at the content , and then we can be able to say that I should like to be able to say that I should like to be entitled to be able to be able to do whatever the Assembly , the Council , committee or whatever .
In any case , I believe that this is the operational content which we must approach .
A number of other concerns have been expressed about subsidiarity and proportionality .
I can assure you that this is a very fundamental principle of our Commission , which is perfectly compatible with the fact that we need to be able , and must also be prepared , to make recommendations .
An interesting example was cited .
It is not a question of God &apos; s desire to unify the transfer of establishments in Europe , but we must rely on our young workers who change the work from one Member State to another .
The single European market must not be compulsory , but it is undoubtedly an instrument which facilitates mobility in the various Member States .
We need common sense to recognise that there are things which we are dealing with and which are sometimes somewhat aberrant , but they must be done to support our decisions .
There are also many other things that are really absolutely pointless .
Finally , I also very much welcome Mr Fiori and Mr Sakellariou highlighting the Mediterranean policy .
This year we have talked little about this year , and I think we are right , because we are right - and rightly so - because we are right - and rightly so .
However , there is a fairly specific programme for the Mediterranean region last month in Israel , Morocco and Tunisia , last month in Israel , Morocco and Tunisia , Syria and Lebanon .
I can assure you that there is a desire to create a demand for Europe , not just because of the economic problems , but also for the availability of support that we are receiving to the people of these countries .
However , there are two new , important demands which have been put forward by all of us : firstly , the transition from bilateral cooperation on multilateral relations , which means support for regional cooperation , but to include groups , for example , the Centre and the Maghreb .
It is a strong desire to see a Europe which we are considering today in its current form - just as the European Union - all the more laborious past - all the stops and , as a new , positive model for cooperation between these countries .
Secondly , the Union also wants to join the peace negotiations as partners .
Needless to say , the international situation will depend on whether this issue can be resolved .
I look forward to this request before the European Parliament because he was very pleased to say that he was very diligent and forcefully and with the explanatory statement that we know their problems with them every day .
I am very surprised when it comes to the Mediterranean , not only because I was born there but because I would like to remind you that cooperation , peace , war , the understanding of the regions and cultures , will probably depend on this area .
I should like to bear this in mind , as has already been proposed and that the Spanish Presidency has already spoken about a summit on the Mediterranean issue , which is supposed to take place next year under the Spanish presidency .
It is therefore absolutely necessary to prepare the work work this year in order to prepare this policy .
With regard to sustainable development , I agree with what has been said here .
However , I would like once again to confirm that this is an extremely important issue , but it is also extremely difficult for this .
We often want to reassure our conscience , and sustainable development means that we must make extremely difficult and difficult decisions , which is why we need to make an extremely difficult and difficult decisions which industry , our life @-@ based or use of energy .
This is a major challenge which we should not fail to conceal , but we need to take a great sense of effort , if we are not only - and I repeat - our conscience would like to reassure our conscience , which is what we can do .
I should also like to say my concerns about emigration , internal security and foreign policy .
Finally , I would like to appeal to the call for a few moments and that we will not hesitate to delay the issue of enlargement .
I have to say : we do not delay it .
The Swedish Presidency has received a strong and strong new impulse , and Commissioner Verheugen has made a huge tour of bureaucracy , which is a chapter on the other .
Now , we are considering the critical phase of the major political decisions - agriculture , environmental policy , Structural Funds , the Structural Funds , which are very difficult and demanding , because this comprehensive process , which is currently taking place , will be given the final shock .
I recently mentioned Kofi Annan : the enlargement process is the enlargement of the United Nations , of all , of all , as a very important message of peace and civilisation to the whole world .
We need to solve the practical problems so that this message can be helped .
Finally , I would like to comment on the request made by one of your colleagues , Mr Goebbels .
The Commission is not just here to table its views on these issues , but also to submit proposals to be taken by the call for the new building to take place and to be architect of the new building , and , of course , in your cooperation and also under your control .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 12 noon .
However , I would like to start with the next debate because , after the conciliation procedure , we have been grateful for every minute at the time of time and for every minute which we can use .
restructurings and mergers in industry
The next item is the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , to the Commission , on Community initiatives in relation to the social implications of restructuring and mergers .
Mr President , Commissioners , this question is directed at the Commission .
In a few months &apos; time , our President , Mrs Fontaine , has expressed its concern about the disastrous effects of certain restructuring and mergers on social cohesion .
It asked by the Heads of State and Government to take the necessary steps to regulate this balanced way and assess their social impact so that the necessary social accompanying measures can be implemented .
In this connection , Mrs Fontaine has highlighted a fundamental problem : how can the flexibility of companies and the essential safety of workers be agreed together ?
Lisbon has ever reinforced restructuring .
We are now talking about three more than three thousand mergers a year .
Every day there is a new shift in the workforce for workers , but it is in the sectors which , bizarrely than the old economy , are starting to begin , that is , the main part of the economy , or it is in the areas of the new economy .
The Nice Summit was very positive in this respect .
For thirty years , the agreement on the statute of European company Statute with its forestry companies , as well as the adoption of the social agenda , shows the importance of the European Council to improve the situation of the citizens of the European Union .
With regard to this - I would like to stress - unanimous question from the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs today , to make it clear to the Commission that this new political readiness to take account of these new political proposals .
So let us ask the Commission to provide specific commitments .
First , we want to clarify the social consequences of restructuring .
How do you intend to use the new European Monitoring Centre for Employment , which was the Dublin Foundation and its construction in this House ?
We want to see the existing social directives as well as the new social directives , as well as the new ones with restructuring .
We are still asking for the fact that , where necessary , the necessary changes need to be taken in order to ensure that the workers &apos; rights are carried out to communicate and inform them more rigorously , in order to ensure that the work of both sides of industry have been introduced and that the management of both sides of industry have been introduced in the most effective way possible .
In this context , we welcome the fact that the Commission has already proposed the review of the current directive on European Works Councils , which has been proposed in 2002 for a few years &apos; time , which was provided for a few years ago .
We are also asking you to review the directive on mass redundancies , with the aim of proposing the necessary measures to prevent the violations of human rights violations .
We want to continue - and as we know , Mrs Diamantopoulou is not totally opposed to this idea , which is completely unacceptable , and I am sure that the internal market policy will be amended in the Commission in order to avoid the internal dimension of competition policy .
Would it not be normal if a company in Brussels is to be able to approve a merger in Brussels , for the Commission will then be able to ensure that the minimum minimum requirements for informing and consulting workers in Community law .
These are our demands , Commissioners ; they are legitimate for the public and they are justified by the point of view of workers , because how should it be economically useful , because how should it be a knowledge @-@ based economy ?
The vote on this oral question was voted unanimously in my committee , as is the case for the resolution before us today .
I must add that the Liberal Group has tabled another draft proposal .
As our liberal friends , who voted for the first resolution , and in particular the question of my committee , we note that there was a misunderstanding among our liberal friends .
It should not be a conflict that nobody can see . We will be working on this because we have worked with the Liberals in full .
My fellow Commissioners , we await your responses with impatience .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Europe must take the need for economic restructuring and their social consequences by creating innovation and social cohesion and try to deal better with changes .
Our positive and proactive response is to improve the capacity of the Monitoring Centre in Dublin ; creating a legal mechanism for the monitoring centre in Dublin , creating adequate protection , and generally promoting the adaptability of labour companies , and the development of labour companies , and the development of the social benefits of companies .
The creation of a monitoring centre for industrial change is one of the actions adopted at the Nice Summit to develop an overall approach to the development of an overall approach to the development of change .
I am extremely important about this issue when it comes to mergers and takeovers .
The Dublin Foundation has been included in its four @-@ year programme .
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation , the work programme for 2001 is only the promotion of the observatory for 2001 .
This will be the basis for further progress in the future of the Monitoring Centre in 2002 , provided that there is additional funding .
The 1970s and the transition from the 1970s have been developed and adopted by the 1970s in the light of full employment and the transition of businesses .
The situation in the world of business has changed radically .
Therefore , the provisions of these directives do not meet the requirements of workers and employers .
Today , the emphasis is on promoting flexibility , the distribution of employability , employability , employability and adaptability .
We can only make it possible to overcome the weaknesses in existing rules and the national systems of competition only more effectively if we have the formal and lengthy issues of economic and strategic issues and the long @-@ term distribution of water in each company .
That is the purpose of the proposal presented by the Commission on information and consultation .
This general framework has only been adopted and implemented fully and fully implemented in terms of the specific provisions and the transition of companies , because it would , in many cases , be possible to prevent such crises in working relations .
If it is not to be prevented , however , it would be impossible to avoid those who were in the wayside in time and in good time they would be able to adapt to the most important changes in their employment situation .
I know that you support this approach and the Commission welcomes the satisfaction of the Commission that progress has been made in this sensitive area .
With your support and the political will of the Council , we should be able to put forward the proposal before the end of the year , and this would be a step forward .
I also share your view that the directive on European Works Councils , sooner or later , must be updated .
We could , however , have an evaluation of the experience carried out in the practical implementation of the directive .
However , there have been a number of more concrete measures to be taken which are also very dear to our hearts .
First of all , this dossier must be made available on information and consultation .
At the end of last year , an important and long @-@ term document has been adopted , namely the Statute of the European company statute .
This is therefore worth mentioning because it is clear that a large number of industries in Europe will , in particular , be able to decide in favour of these new forms of transport if they are to be transferred to new economic and market conditions .
The great characteristics of this Statute include the fact that it contains significant provisions to include the workers &apos; participation in the Commission &apos; s proposal , as well as the proposal for informing and hearing at national level .
This will undoubtedly help to take greater account of the social dimension in Europe &apos; s development process .
The approval of the documents on the European company has paved the way for five other legislative proposals , and the draft directives on the treaties and associations as well as the draft directives on treaties and the transfer of an astronaut registered in another Member State .
All these instruments require the same sort of provisions as they already have for European citizens .
This is another reason why we ought to wait with the revision of the directive on European Works Councils which can only benefit from the debates on these other issues .
These debates will undoubtedly help us to find solutions which we will be presenting to you , as soon as we will deal with this task .
I know that the House will be able to inform the information and consultation of workers in mergers and takeovers .
As you know in the past , as you know , we are discussing what we can do better .
According to the merger regulation , workers and workers &apos; representatives have already the right to hearing the right to hearing the Commission &apos; s services , considering whether the merger complies with the provisions of the EC Treaty .
We have suggested that we have been more preventive .
In addition , we could remind companies of their responsibilities and obligations in relation to the consultation and access of workers who are often affected by these measures .
Since social cohesion is now one of the main priorities in Europe , it is important that responsibility for this is not tolerable exclusively to the public .
It is expected from the private sector that they are , as any other part of society , also make their contribution .
This is now an essential element in the European strategy for social cohesion .
The social aspect is then the responsibility of a company if it is illegible and profitable .
As a response to the Lisbon Summit , the Commission has included this issue in June 2000 and highlights the importance of the social dimension of the Lisbon Summit in June 2000 , and it highlights the importance of the economic and economic consequences of the economic and economic consequences of the new economy .
It has announced a communication , with initiatives relating to the social responsibilities of companies and to handling change .
Furthermore , the Commission is planning to present a Green Paper on developing a framework for the social responsibilities of companies at European level this year .
Finally , I would like to say that , through the cooperation between the various measures I have mentioned , we can only find ourselves in the process of linking public authorities , private organisations and private organisations , businesses and employees at all levels , to find an adequate solution to the social implications of industrial change and the environment .
Each individual of these measures is important and each individual must be judged and transparent by decision @-@ makers .
I know that you share this position and I thank you for your support .
Ladies and gentlemen , I have received a resolution of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
Mr President , this is not just the time for this debate .
I am very pleased with the reply made by the Commissioner .
In my opinion , in particular , it contains a number of interests in the interests of the interests of this question , especially the interests of a few interests in order to reach this question .
Each restructuring is being discussed at the same time as the way in which our institutional structure is suited to such cases .
That is understandable .
The EU Treaty , in particular Article 136 , contains this task of the Union .
It is , of course , necessary to strike a certain balance : the companies should have freedom of movement , which ensures that it ensures commercial growth and thus contribute to the problem of structural unemployment in Europe .
On the other hand , there is a moral obligation to listen to workers .
In this connection , I would like to mention the example of my name in Germany .
If these were actually translated into practice , one particular problem can be settled much faster than if this is not the case .
In the light of restructuring with restructuring , which is currently taking place in other European countries , there are clear differences in the way in which there is little to handle this type of traffic .
It is therefore essential that this issue should be set up as quickly as possible , preferably under the chairmanship of the presidency .
We want to achieve this with the present question .
With regard to the motion for a resolution , Mr Rocard was quite right , he was on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
However , there are still some amendments to be made to emphasise how necessary it is to enable companies to formulate their strategy .
Such a intention in the resolution is implicitly contained in the resolution , but it is not as helpful as we would have liked .
We therefore vote in favour of the resolution , subject to the amendments which may , of course , be discussed until Thursday .
Mr President , Members of Parliament do not want to use the way in which we do not want to use the restructuring but that it is in a socially friendly manner .
We want a more dynamic approach to economic restructuring and the change in the situation .
We are drawing up a social fabric of the social responsibilities , but it can only be a reality if we have a change in the process of assessing and complete legal framework .
We have a genuine partnership and the advantages of the European Union .
Yet the recent faces in the UK and throughout the European Union show that we are still far removed from this .
Frankly , the workers in the north @-@ east and Wales , in the north @-@ east , in Wales , in Wales and in Wales , the idea of a resurgence of the social responsibilities , as I have already said , of the social responsibilities , as I have already said .
A Green Paper on the middle of the year is not an adequate response to the despair of these workers , their families and entire communities .
We call on a revision of the legislation on mass redundancies and the transition to European Works Councils and the directive on European Works Councils to ensure that the directives are respected and not systematically undermined .
We also need to adopt the general framework for the consultation and informing of employees .
Only in this way can information and consultation be accompanied by information and consultation in the negotiating process , a partnership which can contribute to improving innovation , competitiveness and productivity .
We want a real partnership .
We are sorry that a directive on the other depends on the other dependent on European Works Councils , on the pretext that the directive on European Works Councils will have to come into force in order to obtain more practical results .
Yes , we must be established , but we must look into this package and find a global approach to the improvement of informing and consulting workers .
In our opinion , we would be able to update legislation in this way , together with the new Monitoring Centre for industrial change , with the new industrial change in the European Union .
I would like to take this opportunity to appeal to the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
In January , the House asked us to examine the problem of restructuring in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
We have done that .
We asked an oral question and tabled a motion for a resolution .
I would like to ask the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , in this spirit of cooperation , to withdraw its very urgent resolution .
That would be helpful .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , do you not have the impression that this Parliament is suffering from earth ?
A year ago , we had the same debate on 17 February .
It seems to me that it would not be so worrying that we have already discussed this issue on 27 October 1999 , the list will be allowed to continue .
What does Europe need ?
It was agreed in Lisbon that the Union should be competitive on the world &apos; s world to become competitive , and this Parliament has supported this objective by an overwhelming majority .
We are therefore holding a debate on the implementation of the European research area and the necessary investments in research , technological development , innovation and education .
In addition , it is the best way of competitiveness of companies , because if a business is not competitive , it is the loss of jobs .
From this point of view , it is inevitable that companies can change restructuring and sometimes threatens painful measures , as well as the dismissal of workers , as well as the dismissal of workers .
Needless to say , the rights of workers must be safeguarded in the various EU directives .
You will understand that the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party cannot agree with the question of Mr Rocard and not so much of the present resolution of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , as it demonstrates once again that the European Parliament has a right memory .
The joint resolution only mentions the Council &apos; s social agenda , which is dominated by Lisbon .
We will therefore submit a number of amendments in the spirit of the Lisbon objectives .
There is no e @-@ mail directly in response to Mr Rocard &apos; s view , but that is what he is mistaken .
We shall nonetheless withdraw our motion for a resolution .
Mr President , the recent examples of restructuring could unfortunately not be able to carry out a better time for the discussion of this issue .
As has already been mentioned , the traditional film company is a classic example of a company which takes advantage of its decisions and to use all the profit @-@ makers , and no idea of the disastrous social effects of its actions .
In the UK , reducing a total of 6 000 jobs in the UK has been announced , almost 3 000 .
Despite proclamations to impunity on nuclear espionage , companies were not prepared to inform the government and let alone the government , and let alone , be informed of his own plans .
A prior hearing of employees did not take place , even though the company has had a so @-@ called &quot; hearing &quot; .
According to the Danone , Danone , a perfectly successful company , are reduced to 3 000 jobs in Europe .
Even here , there have been no room for alternative solutions or there are discussions on bureaucracy .
For this reason , in order to approve the directive on informing and consulting workers and the revision of the directive on European Works Councils and the directive on European Works Councils , there is no time to lose any time of protection .
We cannot allow companies to treat people and communities such as this .
There is a legal framework between control measures and sanctions which we can use .
We must ensure that they are applied .
Mr President , given the restructuring and restructuring of industry , which lead to thousands of jobs , many workers and citizens of Europe are , in themselves , in favour of free competition and even the rules of free competition for responsibility .
It is high time that there should be recourse to employees .
There is a blatant contradiction between the Council and the Commission immediately between the Council and the Commission .
Michelin , dried , Danone , ABB @-@ Alsthom , are not a company which is a bad thing .
They are competitive because they are more than sufficient profits , but they are driving thousands of jobs .
The Danone case is 10 000 across Europe , 3 000 European , 1 000 in France .
In the year 2000 , the European works of this society has been a tune of EUR 429 million , which is 17 % more than 1999 .
You can ignore these increasingly new mergers , women and men in poverty , and are no longer confronted with unemployment and despair .
The citizenship that we are often talking about in this society is to be a mere commodity , as long as employees are to be able to take decisions from those who depend on their future , the region and their country .
How can we also accept that companies which have been given the support of the public &apos; s public welfare office are not complied with ?
This aid should be redistributed in such cases as the communities which have to pay for the social consequences of making decisions in favour of the financial profitability of employment .
In my opinion , the problem cannot be limited to employability and adaptability and not simply on the basis of the social consequences , as the Commissioner has done .
I therefore supported the proposals contained in the resolution and the amendments to clarify and strengthen certain aspects .
In order to meet the democratic requirements of employees and citizens , further steps are required .
In this way , I believe that the extension of the rights to be carried out by the suspension of payments planned and to put the end of the current water talks must be taken .
Any environmental clauses must include social clauses .
Likewise , sanctions must be provided for non @-@ compliance with the regulations of the directives .
At a time when there is a lot of European identity and the appropriateness of their neighbours , I believe that a text which is based on the financial interests of workers &apos; rights to give the Union a good means of credibility .
I shall therefore vote in favour of the resolution , which , I hope , will be added by a number of amendments .
I have received a motion for a resolution pursuant to Rule 42 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
As it is time for voting time , the debate is suspended , and it will resume at 3 p.m .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
Vote
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0021 / 2001 ) by Mr Dover , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the impact of the Commission on the effects of the transitional period on the effects of the transitional period , which has been ratified by Directive 94 / 33 / EC on young people ( COM ( 2000 ) ( COS ) - 2001 - 2001 - 2001 - 2001 ( COS ) )
Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) by Mr Zimeray , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request for lifting the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro ( COS ) )
( Parliament adopted the proposal for a resolution )
Recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2000 ) by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the common position of the Council ( B5 @-@ 0016 / 2000 ) , in relation to which the European Parliament and the Council &apos; s directive on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system ( rapporteur ) , Mr Savary ,
( The President declared the common position approved )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a directive from the European Parliament and the Council on the safe roadside rules for ensuring that she - 2000 - 2000 - admittedly - C5 @-@ 0121 / 2000 - 2000 / 0121 ( COD ) &#93;
Before the vote on Amendment No 174 ( PSE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I propose an oral amendment to this amendment to replace the words &apos; professional qualifications &apos; .
President .
Are there any comments ?
MacCormick ( Verts / ALE ) .
Mr President , the interpreters raised the oral amendment as &apos; author &apos; .
However , the voting list appears &quot; .
So &apos; expertise &apos; is the right word .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 ) by Mr Bakopoulos , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism
Adoption of the proposal for a European Parliament and Council regulation on the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the revision of the environmental pollution regulations by ships ( COM ( 2000 ) ( 2000 ) 219 - C5 @-@ 0324 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( COD ) &#93;
Does the proposal for a directive on the European Parliament and Council directive to amend the directives on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by ships ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( COD ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation with measures to compensate for the Irish Sea ( COM ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 - 2000 / 2154 ( CNS ) )
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE- Report ( A5 @-@ 0029 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) In order to justify European aid , the rapporteur is to justify the difficult economic situation in Cambodia and is the way to implement the mine action plan in this region , but it is a matter of urgency to deal with these two aspects of the division of powers , including France and the United States .
If it were to be a simple , selfless aid of Europeans as a result of years and destruction in these two countries , we would , of course , support our approval .
That is why we abstained from the vote .
Dover report ( A5 @-@ 0033 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) The United Kingdom was in favour of implementing the regulation on the sufficient sufficient lack of working hours and working night work .
The Commission and the report propose to end this derogation .
They could have been pleased that the United Kingdom will now apply to the rules of the world , which is to give young people more protection in the world of employment .
But , in reality , the total agreement that has been concluded between Conservatives and Labour , liberal and Social Democrats , is based on the fact that , following the words of the report itself , the possibility of ensuring that the necessary flexibility is adequate to ensure the necessary flexibility and that this does not affect the risk of working opportunities for young people &apos; .
This proves that this regulation of the European institutions cannot only be evaded , but that it does not just protect young people at the expense of consumer protection .
We have therefore voted against this report .
- ( FR ) It is unfortunate that the position of British young people will hardly be improved by adopting this resolution .
Because , because of the scandal of the British derogation , the position of the British derogation does not even take account of the needs of young people and young people at the expense of the working population for children and young people .
On the contrary , this debate should have a cause to make changes to the derogation in order to remove all the derogations in order to remove any real efficiency .
It is not in any way justified that the young of 14 or even 13 years have any work at all , Article 4 ( 4 ) of the Rules of Procedure ( Article 8 ( 4 ) ) , or during the holidays ( Article 8 ) or during the holidays ( Article 8 ) .
Nor is the derogation whereby young people under the age of 18 are more than 40 years per week , and more than 40 per week , more than 40 per week , paragraph 8 ( 5 ) or even at night ( Article 9 ) .
It is not justified that tax rights in private or work in a family should not be restricted in a family in a family .
There is nothing to condemn child labour in Asia and Africa if we do not protect our young people against economic exploitation and workers who are harmful to health , safety and development , and they cannot be recognised by private training .
- I wholeheartedly support Mr Dover &apos; s report which serves to improve the working conditions for young people in Britain .
The report states that the United Kingdom meets the provisions of a directive from 1994 , which were met at eight hours per week and 40 hours a week and 40 hours per week , even though certain conditions are laid down and for certain types of employment .
Employment and especially employment are of paramount importance both for our young people and our economy .
We must do nothing to do with the prospects of young people in Britain .
Sometimes , employers use their young workforce , however , and they are required to do so without any real reason .
When it comes to working time and difficult working conditions , there are very great dangers and can be harmful to the health and productivity of our young people .
It is therefore essential that working hours are prevented and prevented from employers in the exploitation of young people .
exploitation is damaging and irresponsible .
We need to stop them and our young people have to protect and protect our young people from being able to protect and protect employers .
There are already legal provisions to reduce working hours for young people .
We must only ensure that they are complied with .
That should help the Commission to do so .
I do not think it is a mistake to see that the clouds which are constantly going against the interference of the Brussels bureaucrats and refused to support this report on social policy .
This makes it clear to Europe that it is clear about Europe .
The Labour Government has entire power to create jobs for young people and for measures to protect them .
I urge the House to support the protection of young people in Britain and to vote in favour of this report .
Savary report ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 )
Mr President , I supported this report on the promotion of railway infrastructures in Europe , because a European railway system is an important goal for the Union .
Before I travel to Strasbourg , I am speaking in favour of the committee &apos; s work in the chair of Mr Hatzidakis , and he said in this context that we want to travel with Europe by Europe . &quot;
That is why we want to see a strong , artificial and reliable restaurants and television .
The Union can and must also give us this opportunity .
Mr Hatzidakis will secure this point . &quot;
Mr President , in relation to the imminent accession of Central and Eastern European countries , the rail transport rail network is becoming more and more important in the Union , and that is why it is necessary to combine the national networks on one single European network .
An important step towards a trans @-@ European railway network is the way in which the differences between the various railway companies are implemented .
Another important step is to set up the creation of housing and remote regions in the less favoured or remote regions .
With the extension of infrastructure , these regions will allow the internal market to begin and benefit from them .
( FR ) I welcome the report by Gilles Savary on the interoperability of the railway system , which does not support the Council &apos; s common position without amendments , because this common position contains 33 amendments from the first reading .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that the future of the European transport sector must be bound up with a consequent increase in the railway sector .
As has already been pointed out , the Union &apos; s railways have to depend heavily on the railway networks of rail investments .
It is clear that these national differences are a considerable obstacle to the development of the railways in Europe , despite the many advantages of the development of railway transport in Europe .
At the same time , the completion of the internal market has led to a considerable increase in the volume of traffic in the European Union , but especially road transport , especially road transport .
There are many reasons for decline in rail decline , among other things , the fact that these are based on national lines .
There is no internal market for railway services .
Moreover , the railway networks do not always comply with the new forms of organisation of economic activity and the urbanisation of the new forms of activity , and even the changes in the electoral process .
In addition , it is clear that the future of European transport , in any event , requires the rapid recovery of the railways .
If I have noted that , I am convinced that the railways have a central role to play in the way the Union has been solving .
The people of Europe are suffering every day with pollution , traffic congestion and environmental problems resulting from road traffic over the last 30 years .
The aim of sustainable mobility is therefore close to revitalising the railways .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament has succeeded in proposing amendments to better integrated provisions , such as professional qualifications and conditions for housing and safety .
A number of sensitive points have been taken into account by the Council , and this is also true of the Council &apos; s protection for the existing railway system , the adoption of a derogation or the definition of special cases concerning the situations of those countries which were removed from the rest of the Community .
The Council &apos; s common position is also realistic because it contains an integrated work programme and the problems associated with enlargement in the railway sector .
For all these reasons , I voted for the Savary report .
- ( FR ) We have voted in favour of this report because the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail network must be promoted .
At present , it has achieved its own negotiating programme and must be re @-@ packed .
At the same time , more transport needs to be sought on rail transport by reducing the roads .
But behind the rapporteur &apos; s praiseworthy objectives , the spectre of liberalisation is the spectre of liberalisation , because the report also aims to contribute to the opening up of transport and security and the competitiveness of the railway sector as a whole .
We have strong reservations about this , because we reject liberalisation in principle .
- ( FR ) If there is really a need to focus on the exclusion of road transport , railway infrastructures must be harmonised across Europe .
On this point , I can only agree with the rapporteur .
I also believe that the inclusion of social standards , professional qualifications and the conditions for security and safety at work in the building of a trans @-@ European rail network .
In my opinion , however , it is essential to ensure that harmonisation is carried out on the basis of the acquis communautaire and not to the detriment of the users and employees of this sector .
There is , however , a dangerous mistake : what framework should the interoperability of the railway networks be created ?
Within the framework of public service services , as a guarantee of a level of employment , security or security , or in one of the competition and profit of the market ?
The fact that the three directives of the Rail Package were adopted by Parliament and the Council will think that Europe is the future of the trans @-@ European rail network in this second perspective .
Van Dam report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , what has I done to vote in favour of the Van Dam &apos; s report on the safe World Trade report .
In this case I was discussing the Fatuzzo Fatuzzo .
I say &apos; Jesuitical &apos; because , as you will not know , I would have liked to have a situation where you are going to have been able to do something about the sea , perhaps at sea level .
My dear colleague , Mr Fatuzzo , who was not , I have been able to have been able to have been able , and I have been able to say , I have been told , for years , for the sea for years .
I have read this report , but I have to read on the basis of this report , but I must tell you , Mr Fatuzzo , in your capacity as a Member of the European Parliament that the ships are going to end because they are becoming old .
Even the old and no more expensive vessels should be available to retirement .
Now I do not know whether I would like to thank the Members or the forty @-@ Fatuzzo Fatuzzo !
- ( FR ) In addition to the fact that other ships in the event have been too apparent , other ships are in a terrible situation .
This may perhaps be less dramatic than cure , but it is tragic that , during the last 10 years , there are still no dramatic consequences when it comes to believing that , during the last 10 years , there is 146 inconceivable .
In voting for the report , we voted in favour of specific measures to strengthen safety standards and flight safety .
However , we would like to emphasise the contradiction between the concerns expressed in the context of safety and the risks mentioned in the report &apos; s threat to the risks mentioned in the report .
In the attempt to protect the profits of the victims and those who care to care , inevitably safety will inevitably be safety .
It is a good thing to allow the captain to put the opportunity to abandon the possibility of getting rid of the super @-@ label or the ship .
However , it would be unthinkable , however , to deny that the theoretical laws of competition in competition and the market , including the labour market , mean that the theoretical option of the vessel is to be able to take this hostage , not only in view of the funds which have been made in terms of the growth of the market in order to take dangerous or sometimes , at the end of the period , to the detriment of the vessels .
For ten years , nearly 150 years have lost lost , and 800 people died .
This is the disastrous assessment of a sector of laws and the laws of the law .
Like the rapporteur , I agree that the physical state of safety and lack of training of flight crews are the main cause for these disasters .
In the first place , it must be brought first and foremost to control vessels and flight safety and safety and safety and living conditions .
That is why I support all of the binding measures to strengthen safety standards , the protection of safety , and the responsibility of the ports or the electorate .
However , the human resources and financial conditions have to be created in order to guarantee the legal provisions in the Member States , particularly by increasing the number of tourist systems .
Furthermore , the fight against the marine environment in the waters of the maritime fleet is the maintenance of the negligence and impunity which will have a greater responsibility to take responsibility for legal and financial sanctions .
I will vote for all the proposals that are taking place in this direction .
Bakopoulos report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Of course , I was unable to vote in favour of Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report on safety at sea .
This time , by e @-@ mail , I have seen one of my obsessions in the age of 21 years when I spoke about the age of New York and the back @-@ back working week , which I have spoken earlier about the New York Committee .
I said that this man , which has meanwhile been cleaned up , said that you are dealing with you in the European Parliament with regard to maritime safety and the prevention of marine pollution ?
This is fine , but your follow you will also be the safety of the safety of us ? &quot;
&quot; But I am sure &quot; , &quot; I replied .
No patience is patience , there are also reports which concern the laws of the game .
- ( FR ) The rapporteur &apos; s proposal to establish a &apos; Committee on maritime safety &apos; and the prevention of environmental pollution by ships which currently have existing existing committees is another step in the direction of a renationalisation of Community policy in the field of safety at sea but also new opportunities to improve the implementation of the application at sea and international level .
However , the recent accidents of the Erika and the most tragic thing we have seen are the fact that best resolutions can do nothing if we do not establish the conditions for their application and enforcement .
It is therefore necessary to apply the Member States to apply existing legislation , particularly those in the field of pollution involving pollution , the monitoring of training and training services and working conditions .
These are improvements regarding the number and quality of checks and the inspectors , but also to the greater financial responsibility of all operators , that is , selling , equipment , equipment and societies .
I have voted in favour of this report as far as the impunity of sea transport is concerned .
Report Nicholson ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I would like to say as I am sorry to say , as I am not saying on the subject of &apos; scoreboard &apos; , that is to say cod .
I leave the interpreters at this opportunity to allocate this important and ambitious explanatory statement in other languages .
Today , 13 February , and tomorrow marks the day after tomorrow .
It is easy to use the European Parliament &apos; s ability to take advantage of the right time of dealing with the Irish Sea in the Irish Sea , and we are in favour of a directive on the cessation of the electoral group from tomorrow 14 February , until 30 April , until 30 April , to cope with this type of accident .
In view of the importance of the fish , and in particular , the European Parliament has done a good job .
A drop in the Book and on the beauty of the river !
And on the other hand !
That concludes the vote .
( The sitting was suspended at 1.25 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
Company restructuring and mergers in industry ( continuation )
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , to the Commission on Community initiatives relating to restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , Commissioner , the Charter of Fundamental Rights is a huge step towards the way in which the citizens of Europe were to succeed ; I listened to Mr Méndez de Vigo , which I have just heard by the President of the Spanish Government , José María Aznar , the former representatives of the convention on drawing up the Charter .
I think that is something I like to see Europeans .
The building of a social Europe in this long process seems to me to be the great challenge and the great opportunity to be lost .
But this building is taking place at a practical time , with certain economic , social and political disintegration .
The Lisbon Summit decided to liberalise the markets of telecommunications , electricity , electricity and transport .
We are in a process of universal globalisation and the distribution of the labour market and the labour market .
And we can ask ourselves about the issue of human beings .
Both Nice and the social agenda agreed at this part @-@ session emphasises the need to include workers in the scope of the management and flexibility and flexibility of economic growth with the economic and social sectors .
This is why we must not forget the importance of globalisation , for example , in certain regions and areas , for example , in certain regions such as in Galicia , where they are the only ones , where they are the only one or the most important risk of globalisation , and where the risk of globalisation is concerned with no guarantees .
Secondly , economic competitiveness and a healthy society should not be in opposition in legal shares .
Thirdly , industrial restructuring in the widest sense of the term , which is unacceptable and inevitable , is to take account of the social consequences of these restructuring and must be prevented , because the economic policy and economic action of the Community must be high .
Fourthly , fourth and finally , the national Community aid should be linked to the Community &apos; s national aid , etc .
These four points are only some of the considerations or considerations , the Commission and the Council must take account of these four points .
Of course , it is the participation of the civil life which is being held by workers &apos; representatives .
Globalisation , Mr President , reduces economic differences .
We must ensure that it does not increase social differences .
Mr President , Commissioner , because of the lack of restructuring of industry , the lack of restructuring of the industry is the result of the way in which they are conducted .
There has been a great deal of success with the technological backwardness and the technical impact , but never its social impact .
What is our knowledge about the impoverishment of people and regions ?
How do they make the price of those who really manage to handle this ?
How and how much do they have to do more than 40 years old ?
How and what extent do they take to ensure that the European Union is emerging between the haves and over @-@ age years ?
The Lisbon decisions should be given to these points with the priorities for employment , the sustainability of social protection and the protection of social exclusion and the continuation of economic change .
We do not know how much they will help to increase the cost for social security , and we know little how many other people will depend on the street .
Who is paying for social restructuring ?
The market or the employees ?
It is impossible and a fair and balanced change .
The social partners say no to the social partners , and it has even signed a document on the establishment of European society &apos; s guiding approach to information and consultation .
Commissioner , we have already heard that the market is not an interim stretch of the market and that political forces must interfere with legislation , institutional measures and social dialogue .
Social insecurity and increasing crime are created by the traditional sectors of society , both the traditional sectors and the so @-@ called new economy .
The Portuguese Presidency , French and now , the Swedish Presidency have given priority to the expectations that they have so far had so far .
However , it does not recognise the implementation of the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 .
Mr President , nothing justifies the fact that large companies working over mergers or restructuring are part of their employees , while a small proportion of their profits are positive in order to maintain them .
The total liability , the Danone , student , oyster bulls , has been seen as a total case , and both their workers , who condemn unemployment , and are eligible for the growth of these companies , which often leads to more productive than the productive nature of these firms .
We are opposed to political movements which are justified in this House and elsewhere .
They only show that they do not represent the interests of society , but only the industry &apos; s dominant industry and their owners or shareholders .
But we are also opposed to those who engage in the social consequences of these restructuring , but not to propose any more than any unnecessary measure to prevent it .
In addition to banning any non @-@ European companies in large companies , the profit is just talk .
We assure the workers of these companies who fight against them against them , our full solidarity .
They have in this economy , which is only the law of the jungle , which is the only right path .
Mr President , this morning Mrs Plooij @-@ Van Gorsel has expressed their surprise and concern about the fact that we often deal with this problem in Parliament , and she has asked why we continue to do this .
Community legislation is inadequate , in many cases they are not fully aware or applied .
We could , as some of my colleagues have done , a long list of this issue which we have dealt with in detail in the past few years .
The European Council has set itself the objective in Lisbon to improve more and better employment .
What is the goal of a competitive Union with a view to achieving better and better jobs ?
Greater coordination and balance between the various policies of the Union , but it is clear that the relevant Community legislation must be more effective and more effective .
For this reason , we cannot wait - and in this respect the Commission must assume its responsibility - that a review of the directives on setting up a European telecommunications company , a reduction in mass redundancies or the transition of businesses , should be made without expressly effective sanctions for the case of their failure to comply with their failure .
The European Parliament cannot tolerate such a stance .
Mr President , on 2 February , the falsification of water was viewed as a fifth @-@ fifths of the health industry &apos; .
In the course of the Wadden Sea , it was then to be read : &quot;
In the wake of the Wadden Sea - a pity that I was not able to tell you - that I was not able to tell you - on the front side of the day - that he was going on on the front side of Wales and in the dockyards , which has seen how the profits experienced by Wales have risen since these losses have risen .
We are making news of these reports day .
This begs us the basic question : what are we actually going to do today ?
Is it only possible to benefit from companies or see their mandate within a framework of a market ?
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs recently expressed two important opinions on the part of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs : on the subject of pre @-@ criminalisation and decision @-@ making and decision @-@ making wherever businesses are concerned .
The economic and economic orientation of the economy is explicitly intended to reproduce a company in general , which is why it is quite clear that a small return , i.e. a return to the super @-@ economy , is to be placed on the ground , which is the result of a number of shareholders , which is obvious in many restructuring .
As far as the debate at European level is concerned , I do not see this a more general vision of this kind .
The European Parliament is holding the problem again today , but this issue should also be integrated into other policy areas of the Union .
I think there is a lack of coherence and coherence .
I have two examples .
As far as the distribution of tobacco is concerned , quite apart from the tobacco sector , it appears that the shareholders is not justified .
This has , for example , shown in the discussion on the 13 directive on the 13 @-@ year directive , which Mr Bolkestein has clearly rejected amendments by the European Parliament .
Another example is that in the competition policy .
Commissioner Monti has made a clear distinction in our Committee on Employment and Social Affairs in our Committee on Employment and Social Affairs that it does not merely intend to deal with this wider vision of the markets and consumers .
A Green Paper on governability , as was announced this morning , is not enough .
On the contrary , the Commission should ensure that an integrated approach is built into an integrated form , which is also based on individual policy areas .
It may be possible to uphold the day , but not politicians and political decision makers .
Mr President , as honourable Members have said , some directives have been adopted in times of full employment and the changes have been slow .
So we need more dynamic and changes in certain aspects of the institutional framework .
However , the Commission &apos; s efforts to establish a balance between competitiveness and social cohesion should also be recognised .
Major restructuring , mergers or takeovers really tragic consequences .
Only recently we had to see how more than 5 000 jobs have been lost in the event of a month .
But if we look at the whole level of transport , the environment in which European companies are working , we must also consider the negative consequences of reorganisation and restructuring if European companies are not actively involved .
We also need to see how many jobs are given , because if there were no restructuring , then the risk that certain industries in the future are totally impossible .
In this extremely difficult environment , our efforts , social cohesion and competitiveness are linked to four points .
The first is a deadlock .
This morning &apos; s contribution to the Dublin Foundation has been shown to reassess changes to learning , predict and to stop them .
The second point concerns legislative and institutional framework .
This year , the legislative framework of the legislative framework as well as the five following directives , which were added to the European Parliament and the Commission &apos; s five @-@ year information and consulting workers , has finally been in the Council when it came to the Council , where we were able to reach a majority in four months &apos; time .
We are convinced that it will be important to bring forward important progress in the legislative context of the Swedish Presidency and after the Belgian Presidency .
On this point , however , it must be said that legislation alone is not sufficient and , therefore , a great effort has been made to strengthen controls .
In cooperation with Commissioner Monti , we are trying to examine the strict application of the directives in question , in all mergers and acquisitions .
In this institutional framework , a Commission has recently formed a Commission whose key theme is the social dialogue and restructuring of mergers and restructuring .
The third point is specific policies .
The employment strategy and the financing of the Social Fund can be rectified by the Social Fund &apos; s handling of businesses in the labour market , with special structures to assist workers in the labour market or with help in setting up their own businesses .
Finally , the fourth point is the role of companies with its social responsibilities , and this is one of the key elements of social Agenda .
We are calling for the workers to change ways of education , mobility in a new environment , training and the location of ownership and location , but we cannot just ask workers to retire .
For this reason , the companies will have a new role to play , and we are trying to define the social responsibilities of companies quite explicitly .
This is about their responsibilities to restructuring , but also for their responsibilities in the field of society and in society where it is a second step , which is a second step .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon .
Puglia in the information society
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive deals with copyright rights and neighbouring rights incompatible with the information society .
This is an important , difficult directive .
Today , at second reading , Parliament asked us to comment on the Council &apos; s position , which , as you will recall , 18 months after the adoption of first reading .
For this reason , the difficult and delicate compromise which we have witnessed is the difficult and delicate compromise between all the directive .
I welcome this compromise as a step forward , as many of the amendments proposed by Parliament at first reading .
However , some of the aspects have to be improved , which I have tried to do with the report .
Despite the adoption of a number of compromise amendments in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , there is still differences , particularly with regard to the articles relating to technical foresight , such as the public regulatory package .
Many amendments have been tabled on this point , which I share .
The reason why the compromise compromise proposed in the committee is an important innovation in the support proposed by a natural person , which is why I quote , &quot; Due to a natural person to private and indirect commercial use , according to the condition that a natural person should be able to carry out a fair balance , according to condition that a fair balance should be carried out .
This amendment lays down a new principle in Community legislation which states that the concept of private participants should be limited to the advantage of beneficiaries and , at the same time , protect the legitimate interests of consumers .
The amendment adopted by this committee refers to the growth of trade with piracy , such as removing the transferability of mobile phone licences , and it cannot be made clear that the exchange of works between users will no longer be spent as private workers .
I consider this to be a step forward towards the text of the common position .
As far as the other aspect is concerned , there is a tendency in the common position , in my opinion , that the balance reached in the common position is more than sufficient to protect both environmental and consumer protection .
Any of this issue - Article 5 - paragraph 5 - which , in spite of the lack of amendment , cannot be taken into account , can not be taken into account , despite the desire to protect copyright , even because they are not included in the directive on copyright .
In addition , these amendments aim to introduce a system of recuperation of works on the Internet , i.e. a certificate of approval for the environment and to introduce an authorisation system , which would seriously affect the operation of the networks .
All in all , in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , we have noted that it is possible to adopt a broad consensus and improve the common position which will prevent the risk of long and complete conciliation , and all this is to be done after three years of the debate , the dispute and debate .
This is an opportunity for the European Parliament to be able to take the agreement in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the agreement reached in the Legal Affairs Committee and the amendments tabled by several groups will finally be able to adopt this directive .
This will not only be the case for the European Union , which has been waiting for a long time for a legislation in this area , but also , above all , of its benefit .
After all , the directive does not only lead to a set of controversial derogations , but , in particular , the provision of Article 2 , which , in principle , will apply to the approval of a project in the new digital sectors in principle .
For all these reasons , I hope that we will finally be able to adopt the text of the directive tomorrow .
Mr President , before the start of my constituents , I should like to explain an interest in this matter .
Firstly , as the author of some books , is intellectual property rights and , on the other hand , I am a member of the Internet Foundation which have been several times in this House .
This day is an important event with a view to copyright in the information society , which , in the case of the Court of Justice of the Council , followed the day , which will bring us closer to the very unfortunate issue of the exploiting of the Internet into violation of copyright protection .
The right of Aung San Suu Kyi has confirmed the right to intellectual property and sets special measures to protect intellectual property law in the United States .
We must also create a system for safeguarding intellectual property law in Europe , because otherwise we could be able to put an end to safeguard measures in Europe which are currently taking place in the United States on the basis of the pre @-@ Millennium legislation which has already been a little more than two years ago .
We are late in comparison with the United States , and I agree with the rapporteur that this directive should be developed quickly .
The Group of the Party of European Socialists is that the baby should not throw the baby with the bathwater .
We have tabled two important amendments in our view .
On the one hand , the amendment on the so @-@ called tourist industry .
The tourist industry previously has a traditional intellectual right , a intellectual property , which has to be intellectual property in the information society , which is very simple in the information society .
This amendment is designed to ensure that those who commit it , for those who do so , will otherwise run the risk of making a lot of copies available to the people of the electorate as those who treat the agony of individuals who treat reproduction .
Another extremely important amendment is that of the limited and additional nature of reproduction .
If the postal information society is the result of the postal information society a copy of additional and non @-@ economic nature , this temporary nature would certainly be guaranteed .
It is not clear that we create a great deal of libraries in the field of intellectual property , so that the person who used to take advantage of this property can be able to compete .
We believe that the inclusion of the requirements of the definition and additionality is a fundamental condition for maintaining intellectual property law .
I hope that , in tomorrow &apos; s votes , the various groups will be able to offer a number of and alternatives to the protection of intellectual property rights in the information society , because in a few years &apos; time , intellectual property will probably only be in the major telecommunications networks .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to pay tribute to Mr Trentin and his approach to this issue .
It has had to go into a delicate matter where he had to have a very cautious matter , and I think he has managed to prepare a somewhat more balanced text .
It may also be - and perhaps we should be looking at this issue - as a Parliament - in order to act as a matter of urgency - in which the UK lobby has ever seen my presence in this House in a short time .
If I could have been able to have an impact on this report , I would like to have a number of people who have had an influence on this report , and there may be a number of concerns at half here .
It would be useful if the common position were adopted by Mr Wilson tomorrow .
In the opinion of the Liberal Group , there are still some Member States , but I understand that , overall , we have a positive attitude , and it is good news .
A number of other points have now been mentioned by Mr Trentin and Mr Medina mentioned earlier .
As far as the distribution of water is concerned is concerned , I have only to look at the matter , as I have yet to inform you , because I have been discussing intellectual property for a long time .
I have to see whether it is still possible today to see a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy @-@ to @-@ date basis for all these students .
I doubt that because this will be proactive in character .
I am therefore in favour of allowing private use to be restricted to private use .
I have also reservations about technical measures which can be introduced by the Member States .
I am afraid that this will lead to distortions in the internal market and , ultimately , the Court of Justice will need to decide on the issue .
I still have problems with the way in which there are still problems .
In my opinion , this is only a connection with the e @-@ commerce directive , and I hope that the Commissioner will take this issue again .
I would also like to say a few words : on behalf of the ELDR Group , I hope that , in the present directive , digital balance is a balanced balance and a fair balance between all the actors and all the interested parties , as a chance and not as a threat .
Mr President , I would like to thank all the honourable Members who collaborated constructively , together with the Commission and the rapporteur , Mr Wilson .
There are many problems , many of them still persist .
The cultural traditions cannot be so simple .
A compromise will be really happy and the European Parliament does not have any toilets .
We are talking about a common position .
Balanced balance between anyone and the public interest .
First of all - this is my view and the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance must be strengthened by the Greens .
He must be able to act as a result .
Its position must be strengthened for future growth .
Firstly , my responsibility is to ensure that these livelihoods are available and to ensure that the public should not only guarantee a free movement of people , but also to ensure that the public should not only be able to guarantee quality of quality , but also to ensure that public opinion is provided for quality .
We are opposed to an extension of the processing system , and perhaps we may be able to find a solution which may be contentious among the parties , because we are also interested in a solution , because we are also interested in trying to find a fortunate solution to everyone .
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the Greens are limited to amendments which are only the main players and that includes two Amendments Nos 34 and 36 - perhaps you say that this would prejudice future treaties .
I would now like to make it quite clear now : there is a great deal of similarity in the text of the recitals , which is not in favour of the TDI &apos; s text , which is not in favour of the TDI .
And furthermore , furthermore , the negotiator has been raised : Europe should have the courage to have a symbolic policy , or not , and then we would have a debate on the barbaric service between service providers , producers and consumers .
However , I would not like blind federalism with a Corsican position , which is symbolic to Europe &apos; s path to Europe .
That is another way we should be debating .
In the future , I hope that we will be able to discuss this , and I hope that we will soon be able to discuss a situation in which we shall be able to discuss an electoral agreement , together with a view to reaching an electoral agreement .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when I refer to this issue of the directive on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright , which is mainly a list of exceptions , I would simply like to say that you have decided to consider the environment of the environment in order to reflect on this issue .
The constant conclusion is that there are three main areas in this directive : the authors and doctors , the consumer , are also users and the producers and the producers .
Producers and agencies are trying to attend between the two others and the directive largely represents a list of derogations which the Legal Affairs Committee still has a very difficult problem with regard to radio broadcasting .
I have the impression that this is the consumer &apos; s position .
But what should it use ?
I wonder what we are going to use in the foreseeable future if we do not protect and defend job creation .
That is the question which we can ask .
As Members of Parliament , I am also in favour of genetic engineering and users of libraries and the users of libraries .
In both cases , however , certain safeguards and safety safety are necessary , but there is a need for a lack of security .
When I travel from the outset , I am surprised that our Parliament , which defends the Europe of the markets , does not ultimately defend the production of this market , because the present list of chocolate does not want to pay the goods , but it will not be allowed to pay for them .
You will admit that this is amazing .
We are not talking about the circumstances of the production of these goods , but the car authors are most diligent .
If there are no authors and authors , I do not know what you want to sell or using , but at least it will not be a good move to the Europe of the markets .
Such to the markets .
If you are going to be more generally involved in the directive , it is clear that , for example , what we were talking about at an hour ago is the fact that what happened before a quarter of an hour has already been created .
For someone who is also somewhat involved , it is amazing when it comes to saying something about it .
What are we going to do when it is possible to do so if we are to do the same in order to ensure that culture , cultural diversity means that the culture of cultural diversity is not confined to heritage , which is what we really have in archives and harmonization , but a living function ?
In order to do this , whether or not we want to support or be supported .
And to support the artistic creation project , we must strengthen copyright , but not criticised and suffering .
This is what my Group wants to defend in the vote tomorrow .
Mr President , the report on copyright and the information society , the so @-@ called information society , is an edifying one for the growing renewal of a Community system , the only use of a market which is in fact a product , not a service , but not a service .
While the damage caused to this system is obvious , it is obvious that harmonisation is being achieved as a Member State - and I am grateful for examples - for example - the Commission and the Council are proposing to make all the cultural services available to goods , as Mrs Fraisse has just explained quite clearly .
It is quite absurd that the institutions of this European Union are currently involved in the way in which the institutions of this European Union are concerned to become more competitive and more realistic .
So , as I believe , we are trying to stop the process of ending up a process which will distort the European idea of totally its content and its objective .
We will reject the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , as Mrs Fraisse has quite rightly pointed out - the diversity of European works project , which has so far been a special role to the diversity of the European works project , authors and the mountain of European civilisation .
The information society is only a pretext for trying to take advantage of the carve @-@ up and intellectual property of intellectual property , when they are met .
Mr President , every copyright is in the pipeline on two interests , on the one hand , the interests of the authors , the producers and the productive process and the interests of consumers .
It could be said that the interests of consumers are a social interest in ensuring that knowledge and cultural diversity are disseminated , instead of sustaining and financial interests .
It is , of course , supposed to have a proper economic release and the carrier must receive satisfactory economic returns , but there are two crucial points I represent .
One of the concerns of the public and consumer interest in the use of knowledge and culture .
Denmark - the country which I come from - is a very well @-@ developed state of affairs which cannot be affected .
The second point is that systems in the administration and for sanctions which have developed in the legal cultures of different countries must not be affected .
We have a special system , and I do not believe that it will be damaged .
I should like to say that I rarely saw as hard in the case of this proposal , and this is not surprising .
It is about billions of privatisation and euros in a system and a sector which is dominated by the American industry , but we should not be able to apply it .
In addition , there is almost no doubt that the main legal problem of copyright is almost incomprehensible in copyright .
I cannot imagine that more than a few per cent of this House have any idea of how far short sea shipping is a reality .
Against this background , it is interesting and remarkable that the proposal is so balanced and I would like to recommend my group to vote in favour of it .
Mr President , as the first speaker in my group , I would like to express my appreciation to the rapporteur on behalf of all my colleagues who work closely with him .
We welcome the determination to defend the balance of this directive .
As the rapporteur has said , we will succeed in providing the compromise which our committee has tabled , which is the right time forward .
Nobody claim that they were complete .
This should be emphasised .
It was already very difficult to find common ground with different national traditions and derogations .
For example , there are countries where tax taxes are being levied on negligence and performances .
We support the concern of this directive because , in particular , we need to make new creative requests for exploiting this new technology .
This directive adds and gives an exemplary nature .
It guarantees that the artists can create new works and will receive a fair pay for this .
At the same time , consumers expect that their existing rights are protected in the manufacture of a customer service , to use new facilities for access to new competition , if they are to be treated as consumers , such as that , for example or not .
We managed to strike this right .
On the other hand , ladies and gentlemen , we are not in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market that we believe that this would be a final solution .
We have recommended a review of this directive after 18 months .
We must take responsibility for our work in this global world , but at the same time it is prepared to change changes if the circumstances require .
This is an extremely important provision which we have strengthened .
We want to make the directive as quickly as possible .
This shows that the Legal Affairs Committee is responsible for the directive .
We are now interested in implementing it as quickly as possible .
Why should we be more rapidly implemented as quickly as possible ?
Because this would enable the European Union to accede to the Treaty of intellectual property for intellectual property , thereby allowing the protection of the distributors to be an important global dimension .
It is a real price that we should be able to ensure as quickly as possible .
Mr President , thank you for giving me the floor , although I have not yet received a book , although I have not read a book .
The protection of intellectual property was always a matter of the European Union , because we know that only this protection can guarantee that culture is based on culture , culture and economic production .
It would therefore have been possible to have a European Parliament statute .
It is not .
For the first time , we are witnessing the protection of intellectual property property .
Parliament &apos; s assent !
We see that the European Parliament has just one objective : no conciliation !
According to the Council , after 18 months we will have to say : now we need to go quickly .
After 18 months , meeting in the Council !
And then the Council says unanimously , although it could have been able to decide a majority , and then the balance is so often mentioned .
And then Parliament will be invited to change this .
Then Parliament will be superfluous .
I have never even seen that Members of their governments or parties have so much pressure on this .
However , when both sides of the Council , the governments , the Council and Parliament , we do not need Parliament .
Parliament has its own responsibility and it must be done .
The common position has weakened the deterioration of the exaggerated dramatically .
On the side side of the authors , I would ask Parliament to have at least close to restoring these rights .
Commissioner , I believe that many of them have been quite outdated when Mr Harbour asked a review of the directive in 18 months .
Will we then abolish the entire Provan process ?
That really would be too fast .
We have already said what we can say about the directive .
That is why it is not quite easy to take the floor now .
However , I would like to thank our wonderful rapporteur .
I should also like to stress that the official line of the Liberal Group was balanced at first reading than that was the case .
We therefore believe that the common position should fundamentally be amended substantially .
At first reading we were concerned that , at first reading , the majority of Parliament has put the role of the Internet to a system which furthermore makes it evolving gradually , in Europe .
These days , the next day , in the same way , in the future , in the mid @-@ term radiation , the results of the Human genome were published .
Everyone is able to come up with the material , while they are paid for more than 3 million to pay for .
This is a protection of copyright .
What is the dissemination of science and knowledge ?
Where is the right balance ?
I think that , if we adopt a position on the directive .
I would also like to draw your attention to the fact that the official position of our group is now the official position of our group .
The common position is a sensitive compromise which should not create an insurmountable compromise , because otherwise the signing of the WIPO Treaty will not lead to the most important thing .
Mr President , I feel that it is a great honour to take part in this debate .
I think it is a shame that they are part of a negative and reserved tone .
We must not forget that the new media has achieved the abilities of interaction between men and reflection and between people at all .
There is , of course , the reason for a serious concern about protecting copyright protection in today &apos; s time .
But the protection of these rights must not lead to the people , either academic or scientists , to be deprived of access to documents which are subject to copyright .
It has been repeatedly stressed the importance of balance between the interests of producers and consumers , and this balance must be addressed .
If we do not achieve this balancing act in the Union , then the serious consequences for the discussion of the Internet and similar media could be open to democratic transparency .
If there is a shortage of restrictions , for example , then students , killing and scientists like those who could be counted on the wayside , could remain the plane and the programmes such as those who could be counted on the wayside .
In Article 5 ( 5 ) , the draft directive deals with the restrictions on the right of just a fair procedure , as is anchored in the Berne Convention .
In the interests of the disabled , it allows Member States to introduce tax libraries in the interests of the disabled , private consumer libraries and duplication of competition , and some other users .
That is not the case , and the Member States have no obligation to do so .
These decisions are under the principle of subsidiarity .
I stress that it is a question of commercial interests which , in the moral law of this directive , should be expressly covered by this directive , and I believe that Mr Bösch has done a great deal of work and hope that we can vote on relatively few amendments .
Mr President , in my country there is a serious tradition in the information society in the information society as a result of copyright and not protected .
With new technologies , the recipients are now looking for a joint approach to this question .
There are , of course , many controversial points , many constraints and administrative considerations , and we are now talking about the narrow vision of the different vision of the authors and the other vision of the consumer &apos; s work , and in this sense the work carried out by Mr Trentin and the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
They have succeeded in improving the Council &apos; s common position in relation to protection for intellectual property law .
The restriction of the exceptions is particularly important , and I believe that this is very carefully done , although Amendment No amendment by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market would have been further developed .
We also need to take account of the libraries and records so that there are not a number of amendments to a transfer of intellectual property rights .
Mr President , I would like to join in congratulating the rapporteur on his wisdom , the patience of a saint , a patience and my persistence .
This difficult issue , which has been very hard to us all in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , has been faced with a number of conflicts , from which the conflict between the haves and consumers is referred to in this House .
Many people believe that the interests of these two groups cannot be placed on a net footing .
In my opinion , it should be possible for the current version to be possible , and it provides us with the opportunity to introduce a number of principles which could serve as a model for other parts of the world .
It is not a simple task .
Each of us have the right , of course , to accommodate the best possible link between consumers &apos; rights and the protection of the preservation of protection and the protection of the goods .
Mr President , I would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on his willingness to compensate for a balance in the text for almost three years in the discussion .
Its task was to ensure that the Council did not fully accept the European Parliament &apos; s amendments at first reading .
As I have said , the aim of the new directive is to adapt the current legislation to the new technologies , under consideration of the international conventions adopted in 1996 .
There is a legal vacuum concerning protection of copyright in the digital age .
The Internet is a wonderful tool but should not be a single area .
The economic and economic challenges are considerable and the Internet must be developed with an impressive speed in Europe , as the United States has introduced a legal framework for two years now .
There is an urgent need for this , so that this directive is a crucial factor in the fight against trafficking and , since this is a real scourge of the information society , which is a real scourge of the information society , which is particularly harmful to the circumstances of the latter , because the pictures are the original ones .
The production of waste is an recognised one .
It is perfectly normal that the preparatory work should be able to compensate for a proper balance in this respect .
If these claims really are to be reserved for private ends , the legislator must be kept sufficiently restrictive , and the definition must not allow any clarification whatsoever .
This is why I am in favour of a restrictive definition of the transport system .
On the protection of works , piracy must have the opportunity to use technical measures .
It is therefore necessary to combat the so @-@ called tourist industry by means of which these measures can be evaded by the public &apos; s money , which will be punishable and which will be called for to manufacture piracy rates .
This in permanent change gives rise to many questions and concerns .
The directive must be struck by balance between the interests of consumers and those who engage in it .
It is an attempt to find a response to these issues as quickly as possible , which must be inadequate .
The review of the directive after a period of two years will allow us to determine the loopholes and weaknesses which they have shown in the phenomenal development of the information society .
Mr President , on behalf of my own country , Mr President , I have appeared to say : &quot; It is up to us to say &quot; it is up to us . &quot;
In other words , for the authors of the authors and the rest of the rest , the hope is that this Parliament is taking a deaf line , and a conscience of this Parliament .
We believe that it is possible , Mr President , that it is possible to establish the synergy between the new technologies and the new technologies in the Internet and the sustainability of the creative equipment , which is based on the sustainability of the creative equipment , if the financial pay are not sufficient and not commensurate with the value of beef .
This is why we are categorically opposed to the demagogic resistance and financial interests , in this truly society &apos; s whole debate .
Let us not naïve , Mr President .
These are economic values and the distribution of economic values which have always been and hence the basis of the intellectual property and the rights of the mediators .
Unfortunately , the Commission &apos; s proposal and the Council &apos; s common position makes a sense of scope .
On behalf of the consumer &apos; s freedom of movement , the establishment of works works , together with a view to being successful , is to accept the wealth and cultural development of the citizens .
The new communication technologies are not an opponent of intellectuals and doctors , but we must not claim to defend the monopoly in the world where we live the weaker part , that is to say the monopoly .
Let us not accept the specific circumstances of consumer rights in the name of consumer rights and , above all , we do not accept the worst sin in the text of the text - that the creation of a text does not lessen the creation of the technology .
Mr President , despite many of the efforts and progress he has made to defend our rapporteur , I congratulate him on the fact that there is no idea of a text which harmonised the three fundamental freedoms of cultural legislation : a multi @-@ cultural freedom , freedom of freedom and freedom of movement .
If we do not succeed in this , Europe will lose some of its fundamental values .
Our own languages , Mr President , use us very little if the altar of the technology is merely the mortal glory of the identity that every Europeans are facing .
Mr President , first of all I would like to thank the Members of the European Parliament for the 32 000 signatures which I have enabled me to submit to some of the amendments in plenary .
With regard to certain important points , I am convinced that we should be returning to the position adopted by an overwhelming majority at first reading by an overwhelming majority at first reading .
More importantly , it is a question of tightening up a clear system of reference to the Internet providers in order to ensure that the network providers of the Internet should be set up in accordance with the directive on electronic commerce , and to introduce technical measures to ensure that the internal market is distorted by the internal market .
Why do I give this position ?
Firstly , for reasons of principle .
What more important point than the protection of the tobacco market ?
Is it possible to see a little more than the product of human beings as an innovative residential measure ?
The European Parliament has always been the power of European heritage , and this must continue to apply in the digital age .
If we do not do anything about it , it will not be easy to get easy and without any other teeth , but will no longer be allowed to be heard .
After all , there is no incentive for a incentive for creativity and marketing innovation .
However , this debate is beyond a purely budgetary restriction .
In fact , employment will also be the detriment of employment .
At the moment , a hundred 000 jobs are lost in the European Union in Switzerland .
It is also the state which runs counter to this .
For the Belgian State alone , which I know is well known , that is to say the same thing as a result of 1 billion , and this applies to all types of transport .
We need to be aware of the process .
I agree with Mr Rothley &apos; s comments .
So there is a great deal of reason to support the amendments which I have tabled jointly with many other MEPs , which I would like to thank .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive has significant implications for growth and competitiveness in Europe , but the use of the use of the Internet must not be difficult and intensified .
If we are to increase electronic commerce with higher costs and to increase the costs incurred , Europe will not be in ten years &apos; economic area as set out in Lisbon .
If we are to strengthen confidence in ourselves as European legislators , European legislation must be coherent ; the directive on electronic commerce and this directive must be consistent in its entirety .
That is why we will not change Article 5 ( 1 ) or Amendment No 33 ) , which would not be a pioneer country based on new technology .
We must not offer our utmost support to the rules of competition that we are currently creating rules which hamper freedom of speech and hamper the free flow of information .
It is important that the transfer periods for the electoral group of an recipient @-@ member leave should be very high .
If you want to monitor all kinds of small businesses who do not want to monitor each other &apos; s chocolate , then the basis for which the Internet is successful and that productivity in countries with high Internet productivity must be accorded priority .
I would therefore ask you to support Amendment No 4 .
Our legislation on copyright must be the job and the main beneficiaries , not the technical form .
Digital TV must be choose to choose their programmes and the music they want to play .
