Finally , I would like to say that I am totally incomprehensible that the American authorities are turning the blind eyes to the risks of these waters .
If we look at the development of certain types of cancer in the United States and the growth of mixed arms in the American population , we should tackle all sides of the world .
That is why I hope that new ban on the use of this anti @-@ European caravan will be the American consumer and the consumer , so that further discussion will be made in this respect within the WTO .
Mr President , I would first of all like to thank Mr Olsson for his report and the committees on the proposal for a European Parliament directive on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Directive on the ban 96 / 22 on the ban 96 / 22 of the Council on banning the use of certain substances .
The intention of the Commission &apos; s proposal is to increase our food safety obligations and to carry out our international obligations within the framework of the Convention on the application of the application and execution of measures which are so mentioned .
This House is well aware of the fact that the current ban on the use of depleted uranium is being questioned by the World Trade Organisation and that the final decision proposed by the European Community was raised in 1998 , in the final decision of 1998 .
As you know , the Commission has initiated an additional risk assessment for this morning when the assessment of risk assessment is taken into account by the WTO session .
In April 1999 , the Scientific Committee published an opinion on the possible harmful effects on public health in beef and consumer protection in April 1999 .
These opinions were examined in May 2000 and confirmed .
The truth was that none of the six phthalates have been calculated for none of the six phthalates that have been produced for cattle .
With regard to the tenth 17 @-@ year tunnel , the defence lobby took the view that this substance was considered as a way of controlling this substance as a whole , as it has been both visionary and non @-@ judged .
Further information will be noted for the other five minutes .
In the context of these conclusions , the Commission initially proposed that it is an environmentally @-@ friendly substance to ban the transfer of waste into production products .
Secondly , the Commission proposed that the ban on the other five will be maintained for the time being , to keep up with more scientific information .
This measure is regularly monitored and therefore in line with our international commitments .
I am very pleased that the report supports this approach .
In this proposal , the Commission has also provided the necessary legal basis for amending the final legal basis and the interim interim period in order to make a rapid reaction to the effect that we can make a rapid reaction to the effect of fresh knowledge .
I am extremely sorry that the introduction of the text was not supported by the report .
Many of you know my opinion on this issue .
I have discussed the question of the application of the SVC with you on a number of bilateral discussions and I note that the Commission &apos; s request was not acceptable in the amendments tabled .
I would like to ask Parliament to reconsider its position in this respect , because I think it is extremely important that the question of the issue of reinstatement should be taken seriously .
If Parliament &apos; s adoption of the annexes , not the uninformed , then I feel that it would not be sufficient to ensure that consumer health protection is not sufficiently sufficient in this area , both in the context of BSE and with this particular issue .
How can we justify a formal delay of adaptation and approval of the annexes if the Commission has recommended another additional follow @-@ up list ?
How can this be justified ?
One of the speakers said that this is a political issue .
I reject that statement .
It is a scientific question .
This is precisely why the WTO has dealt with this .
I have a little concern that if Parliament continues to adopt its position on this subject , there is a risk that the codecision procedure will not be adopted , but the codecision procedure most definitely applies .
I have been reminded of this .
I have already had such a debate with Parliament and I know what is important .
Members will appear to be able to vote on the matter .
The electoral scheme will not be exactly what they are going to vote on , because they are not informed of this particular issue .
I also agree with great concern that so many people are going to vote on a matter of so much importance as to the consumer , without knowing that they will be able to produce a procedure which jeopardises the consumer &apos; s health and the basis for a clear scientific recommendation in the annex to the annex to consumer health .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would ask you to reconsider your position on this matter and give priority to the greater priority given .
If you look at the question of copyright , as a more important part of the interinstitutional conciliation agreement between Parliament and the Commission , whether it is necessary to adopt full codecision in such cases .
This is a scientific aspect which is based on scientific recommendations : it is a question of the Commission &apos; s being consulted and which will be incorporated in an annex to an annex , which is a comprehensive issue of democracy .
I have already pointed out at this stage and on this subject , I have already referred to Parliament &apos; s position when it comes to the bottom of the matter .
Therefore , ladies and gentlemen , I urge you to take a serious account of consumer rights , the question of adequate consumer protection and also to think that a food safety authority will take place next year .
It is going to play a task with Great Britain .
If a risk is imminent , it can recommend that the executive is a response to the executive .
In some cases , this means that the Commission will introduce a legislative solution .
In order to be able to achieve this , we can use the rapid reaction which consumers are asking for .
But if this is only possible in the codecision procedure , it will come to delays .
I would now like to comment on the amendments proposed in this report and to Mrs Grossetête &apos; s amendment .
I will start with the amendments which the Commission cannot accept .
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 7 , 9 and 10 , which I have just mentioned .
Nor can it be possible to support Amendments Nos 12 , 13 and 14 in which the introduction to the introduction of the lists in favour of the suspension of lists will be rejected and that the codecision procedure will be introduced again .
Amendment No 1 deals with a sound justification for the decision to keep the ban .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment because , in this way , the results of all future inquiries will be examined .
Amendment No 2 would , in fact , be obliged to finance research in the case of all the substances available to the five for prohibited substances .
That is unacceptable .
Neither Community law does not fall under Community law to finance research .
On the contrary , the WTO is demanding a risk assessment by the parties on the basis of all the scientific data .
Nevertheless , such studies are not excluded in the European Union &apos; s electoral system .
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 3 and 11 which call for effective environmental protection for health protection .
I should like to point out that there is already a shortfall in the Member States and at Community level .
For example , in accordance with Directive 96 / 23 of the Council , , for example , in accordance with Directive 96 / 23 of the Council , it will be monitored .
The Commission has also proposed that the provisions of the directive should not apply to animals which are not applicable to animals which are to be dealt with by 1 July .
In its Amendment No 15 , Mrs Grossetête proposes that this provision should depend on the existence of adequate alternatives .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment on the grounds of health protection given the clear scientific knowledge .
Furthermore , there has been a review of this review study that there are enough alternatives to the processing of water products for therapeutic purposes of therapeutic purposes .
This study should be made available to Parliament as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the Commission can accept Amendment No 8 , and basically the part of Amendment No 10 , which deals with scientific data , because they contain helpful clarifications in the text .
Finally , I would like to thank Mr Olsson once again for his excellent report and its support in this important matter .
To summarise , the Commission can accept Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 5 , 7 , 7 , 9 and 10 , which are not covered by road traffic , 14 , 13 , 14 and 15 .
On the other hand , it can accept Amendment No 8 , and basically the part of Amendment No 10 , which deals with scientific data .
Mr President , naturally I respect the position of Commissioner Byrne , which is a good thing for us .
But what we do want is not an extension of the procedure , but it is a question of making a discussion on how many other people do not have any scientific clarity .
Yesterday , I was in Stockholm with a representative of the American negotiators who did not have the European idea of science .
We must therefore be discussing not only scientific issues , but also of those who are talking about ethics , with the full knowledge of positions and the precautionary principle .
This is a fundamental political debate and not the delay in the process .
Thank you , Mr Olsson .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 11 a.m .
The new frontiers of the book of the book
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O &apos; s report , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport on new borders : electronic declarations and surplus values ( 2000 ) .
Mr President , I would first of all like to explain why this report is important and have been identified in an arbitrary manner , as a number of authors have been identified : Michel Thomas , Vinci , etc , and a man from my country .
In my opinion , at home , I would like to add my voice to these works , the rich spread of linguistic diversity , the whole of culture and history .
It is my thinking and I think it is important .
The background to my work has been completed by the authors that have been read by many people .
In particular , they are , in particular , books for alternatives , ideas and opportunities .
I come from very simple business and modest unfavourable ground in a poor area with small and modest prospects .
But the day when I took a cloven hoof , my books withdrew my books and many other people have the same experience .
I am very grateful to the authors and compliments to those books that they have allowed me , and I see it as my duty to ensure that other people are able to use this experience too .
What is the point of this report ?
I would simply like to make sure that , in our final form , the Joint era , which applies to the electronic age , is to be applied to the protection of intellectual property , taxation , regulation , regulation and grants , in the new era .
Ladies and gentlemen , more than just a rational business , and in a world which is becoming increasingly profitable , is of great importance .
The electronic year four specific areas are four specific areas : electronic books , acquisitions on demand , Internet access and Internet equipment .
We must make sure that we have the necessary political approaches to achieve a comprehensive strategy which will allow all these developments to be achieved .
So what is to be done with this report ?
First of all , we must promote strong growth and development of these areas and the widespread use of the media in Europe .
We need an affordable access to the media for all Europeans and the best way of doing things .
We should continue to promote linguistic and cultural diversity through the use of electronic communications and to facilitate the transformation of the traditional publishing industry in a world of e @-@ mail .
In order to achieve this objective , we must pay for the appropriate policies that allow this growth to allow such growth , and ensuring that all citizens have access to choice and access .
Hence , my report calls for a number of requests .
The EU &apos; s institutions will have an important role to ensure that future growth is needed .
First of all , the Commission can draw up a broad political approach to developing this sector .
Secondly , we can all help to promote policies which develop lifelong learning and promote digital exclusion .
The Commission can and must support and develop mechanisms for developing SMEs in this sector and to ensure that , together with the Member States , we must ensure that the industry has the opportunity to develop their responsibilities in the new era and to ensure that workers in the industry have the opportunity to develop their powers in the new era .
Member States should ensure that the current rules are monitored and correctly monitored for electronic purposes .
All of this is in the context of our own potential and , in this way , I would recommend that the House be able to give us a variety of models , so that everyone can benefit from the benefits and results that the development of this new sector entails .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate Mrs O &apos; Alba on her report , which has taken into effect the dramatic changes which have taken place on the new technologies in recent years .
We all have the book as a teaching or as rapporteur , we must consider our relationship with it .
A revolution has taken place , which is an interesting one for each of us , and yet more importantly .
At the same time , however , it requires European and national policies which we must tackle in order to cope with the problems of the new way in which its manufacture and mediation must be negotiated .
The question is whether we have to protect the book from the untrammelled market , because we support the major economic importance of both the book and reading in our society .
The distribution of information and the stability of the Internet widely gives rise to problems associated with intellectual property and the status of the author , but it is also the risk that large parts of the population should be denied access to the new media .
Disparities have been disastrous in relation to the reception of those illiterate illiterate illiterate , rural areas and vulnerable groups , if they are already to be found in a high percentage of the letter .
This problem is serious that we can talk about a threat to social cohesion , which is a danger in time by developing Union policies .
But all Member States must also facilitate their access to books and to prepare them for green , because they are the future of the European Union .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , they are an important medium @-@ sized medium and , as a result , modern water technology has to be developed .
That is why I think that the report is very good .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the tremendous work she has carried out and the many analyses it has carried out .
This area is in constant balance .
However , it is not just the production of production but also consumption .
It is a form of energy consumption which needs to be improved and requires improvements .
People must always decide how they spend their time .
So , together with my colleague Mr Graça Moura , I have tabled an amendment with my colleague Mr Graça Moura .
We have proposed on 23 April , because we are celebrating the birthday birthday for the birthday and vice @-@ election .
This is a whole of Europe .
In several countries there has already been one of the UNESCO reading .
However , I leave it to the wisdom of the Commission to choose a different date .
Commissioner , there are only if there is a demand .
In order to offer an additional stimulus , Mr Graça Moura and I also call upon a year in reading , but we must be prepared to do so .
The second problem is the organisation of the players .
There must be more protection for pluralism , pluralism in pluralism and cultural diversity .
As a result of the price fixed price book and non @-@ selection agreements , it should also be introduced in a number of Member States which must also apply to electronic commerce .
Madam President , today I would like to speak from the point of view of the SVC , both in a positive and negative way .
As far as the positive aspect is concerned , the individualisation of supply and demand is , as you know , one of the opportunities for the electronic book .
As far as we are concerned , as far as we are concerned , this is a weak fact , as far as we are concerned , as a result of a less general state of affairs , and that is to say that it will be preferable to adopt a change in monetary policy and aim , because electronic patents are a basic change in the telecommunications market .
This is the positive aspect .
The negative side is that , for example , there is a double level of opportunity for assessing this .
Let us make no bones about it .
The new technologies can , of course , be a chance for democratisation , but also an additional obstacle to literacy training .
Lastly , Madam President , Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would urge you to ensure that these new technologies are respected in the light of these new technologies , which are particularly endangered , because this is also at risk for the creativity of creativity .
That is why I would like to point out that the same reasons for competition in Europe must be regulated , namely safeguarding the creativity and disseminating their products .
Madam President , the very valuable report of Mrs O &apos; s report gives us the opportunity to make further thought of the future of the book and to plan new initiatives .
As it rightly pointed out in this report , the book is still an extremely important role to play in the spread of European crops and , moreover , the growing increase in the number of papers , such as rich , alive and diverse cultures are destructive .
It is therefore obvious that we are dealing with the way in which the book is becoming increasingly taken into account when it comes to becoming ever more serious .
This applies , for example , to the cohesion policy within the Structural Funds .
Are you already aware , ladies and gentlemen ?
Let me give two examples .
Thanks to the organisation of the environment , the amount of libraries will double to 1 170 to 1 170 .
During the same period , EUR 38 million in the operational culture programme in Portugal is EUR 38 million for the extension of the records and libraries , and also to ensure that half the European Regional Development Fund .
This is also true of competition policy , where it is used to take account of its application as a bargaining chip for the Europe of Europe .
This is also the case in the field of culture .
In the debate on Culture 2000 , Parliament stressed the importance of the importance of the measures to promote the book and literature .
The first year of implementation of the programme has been met .
In the report by Mrs O &apos; s report , we are urging to strengthen our aspect and take account of all aspects of the technological revolution in order to promote the European social model in its diversity , which will enable the new opportunities to safeguard access to knowledge and to ensure that the rights of individuals are protected .
The digital revolution means a chance , but also risks .
This is the case in the report of Mrs O &apos; s report , which is why I am not going to come back to it .
I would just like to comment on the danger of exclusion of the exclusion of disadvantaged groups in the population .
A key requirement is to ensure that digital technology can benefit from education and culture .
I dare to accept that between generations , between the social society and those who are not entitled &quot; , and those who are not in their lives , and those who do not benefit from the new technologies , and those who seek to fear social disadvantages and to find a digital divide .
In my opinion , we should not simply establish that there is a gulf between such a gap and paragraph ) we cannot do anything about it ; we must do everything we can to close them .
After all , we can take action .
They are building up , a social task which we are represented here , Parliament and the Commission .
Furthermore , I believe that globalisation , if we manage them , and digital technology , not automatically the destruction of national and regional cultures .
To adapt to the new reality of the information society , the new economy will undoubtedly lead to a profound and rapid change .
For us , this means that we must be able to avoid these negative changes and we must not only support their development and do not just guide them .
We must take the start of their development at the beginning of their development so that the digital age can offer new telecommunications systems and can at the same time provide a more reliable standard .
A first result of their funding has a modest , but encouraging action to coordinate the teaching systems and their cooperation .
There is no doubt that the Commission has played its most important role in this area , and the proposals for the Culture 2001 programme are intended to promote the implementation of several projects with the participation of the author and exporters .
If the experiment is to be maintained , we are to be able to support further measures for the transport industry , under the aspect of the cultural industry .
In my opinion , this is a new area which is still not sufficient and that we have a basic , uncomfortable and secondary role .
Apart from the specific actions of the Culture &apos; s programme , I would like to mention a whole series of measures which will help to build their digital revolution successfully and which , therefore , correspond to the demands of our rapporteurs .
The e @-@ mails initiative which I launched in May last year concerns the infrastructures of education , which are a precondition for further action .
The Commission services have drawn up a programme of support for this initiative .
In addition , the Commission is financing - and this will continue in particular - pilot projects in the Socrates programme , in which the Socrates programme , in particular , focuses on the use of technology in general and , together with the Vinci Vinci Programme on Education , on vocational training .
In addition , the development of partnerships between the public and private sectors can also be remedied as a matter of urgency .
The objective of the e @-@ Europe initiative is to ensure that the information society as a social entity is sound .
As far as the end of 2001 will be concerned , access to the Internet and on multimedia resources in many of the public centres , including the less favoured areas , will allow us to get all the students into the space of 2002 .
Another area of our work is to develop services to support the development of content in the field of e @-@ mail and electronic mail .
The e @-@ commerce programme , which has now been adopted for four years , has been promoting development and exploitation of European content .
It is now also possible to safeguard the market in cooperation with the European Investment Bank and by providing venture capital with venture capital .
In this respect , the Commission and the EIB work on the financing of the cultural industry .
We have a new future economy , that is to say our digital future .
This , ladies and gentlemen , is also a prerequisite for greater recognition and visibility .
Personally , I am in favour of the proposal tabled by several of you - Mr Graça Moura , Mrs Sanders @-@ ten Holte , Mrs Sanders @-@ ten Holte , a European Year of Procedure .
However , the meeting of such a year is not possible for several reasons , but we should consider a week or a month of the new change and reading the way in which it could be organised from 2002 .
We should not now lay down a specific option , but we should discuss the best possible decision in the programme of Culture 2000 .
I am therefore in favour of a discussion in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport with those involved in the interests of the new approach , reading reading and cultural diversity .
As you know , technology is an instrument , but this instrument can be very useful to the development of our cultural potential .
In this respect , I would like to thank Mrs O &apos;Alba and also the Media and Sport for the important work they have done in this respect .
Thank you very much , Mrs Reding .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place .
VOTE
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , a number of Members have rightly referred to the existence of the MEDA programme , and I would therefore ask this House to vote in favour of an oral amendment to the following wording , which is why the Commission is asking for a special programme to develop and extend the growth and extension of the growth system . &quot;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 ) by Mr Naïr , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on the Commission communication on the EU &apos; s communication on the EU &apos; s communication on the EU &apos; s communication on the EU &apos; s communication on the European Union .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Motion for a resolution ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 ) by Mr Miranda , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , on the peace process in Colombia
Concerning the recitals B and C
Madam President , if I have understood correctly , it is the first amendment that we will be voting on , with his authors that Amendment No 1 will be withdrawn in order to withdraw Amendment No 1 when it comes to sections of the vote .
This paragraph b ) would be the most important part of the whole part of the &apos; Colombia plan &apos; and the second text .
I think that with the special vote on the original text of Recital O ) we can accept the vote on Amendment No 1 .
Madam President , the Socialist Group agrees with Mr Miranda &apos; s proposal and would vote for the second part of the second part .
Madam President , we would agree with this proposal .
Madam President , there is also a compromise on the next vote .
With regard to Amendment No 2 of the European People &apos; s Party and the Group of the Party of European Socialists , I understand that , if I understand correctly , we would first of all adopt a part of the original text . &quot;
If we were to vote on a second part , we would be voting on a second part of the vote , and then we would like to vote on this Amendment No 2 .
We therefore agree with the original text on the original text on Amendment No 2 and then on Amendment No 2 .
Mr rapporteur , I have co @-@ rapporteur on this subject as shadow rapporteur for the Socialist Group .
What Mr Miranda says is true , but the statement is misleading .
As you can hear from the remarks you have made before you , the services have made a mistake and which the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and the European Democrats have not been consulted on .
That is why Mr Miranda quite rightly has the right to vote on the vote and I fully endorse it , but this is not a matter for any further amendment .
It was a purely technical mistake from the services .
In order to be complete , I have the text of the Committee on Budgetary Control .
In the initial amendment of the amendment , the following words missing from the following words : &quot; Plan Colombia is not the nicest way of mediating and the rest of the Soviet Union &apos; s soliloquy .
Madam President , I would just like to confirm what Mr Howitt has said .
In a number of versions , especially in the Portuguese , Dutch , Dutch , Dutch and English versions , there are , in fact , a number of versions , which is the case in the Spanish and English versions .
The translation of these versions must be changed .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O &apos; Alba , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new borders : demographic stability and ( INI / 2000 ) )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
- ( FR ) In the vote on this report , we abstained from the vote on the report on the fisheries agreement with Angola .
After all , we do not want the slightest option , even if , at best , it will be minimal - as we know very well , the financial compensation of the Union for fishing in the Ivory Coast and Angola .
We are opposed to the fact that , in this context , hypocrisy is hypocritical to those countries or for their people .
Even under his background today , as &apos; aid &apos; or &apos; agreement &apos; , it is evident in these figures and unfair terms that the African continent will continue to be exploited by European powers .
Jarzembowski report ( A5 @-@ 0097 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report to amend the directive on the development of the Community railway undertakings .
I read the Conciliation Committee &apos; s report and I would like to express my hope that Mr Jarzembowski &apos; s report goes further than that , because it has been the best result of the results of freight by rail throughout Europe .
I hope that Mr Jarzembowski will be able to produce good results if the Council will take action to promote the elderly and pensioners .
As far as I am concerned , the success of the Conciliation Committee has been a success .
, in writing .
( FR ) The Commission &apos; s reports on the development of Community undertakings on the development of railway undertakings and on licensing railway undertakings will welcome the establishment of a compromise on the full opening up of rail transport in international freight transport by the latest .
This compromise will pave the way for new proposals on liberalisation , harmonised privatisation , such as the privatisation of other sectors .
However , the recent tragic accidents in Great Britain , which have hit terrible accidents in Britain , illustrate the serious implications of the privatisation of this universal service .
And , if the mismanagement in the transport of the transport of goods are used in social terms , it is a matter of urgency that the liberalisation of the railways should be dealt with by means of the liberalisation of the railways .
For a long time now , in Europe , we have been forced to abandon the interests of private companies in all its forms .
Because the distribution of mail is now becoming a threat , parts of the railways are to be found in the search for new profits to the railways , as well as by national governments and national governments .
Neither the users nor the people in general have the slightest benefits from the privatisation of public services .
The same applies to the workers of this sector , which deals with their disastrous consequences for employment and working conditions with its disastrous consequences for employment and working conditions .
Of course we are talking about the fight of these workers and their trade unions .
We have therefore voted against the two reports .
I think it is appropriate to point out that this explanation of vote should be emphasised in the development of the European railway system , which , thanks to recent recent developments , in the French @-@ Italian Committee in Turin , has been achieved the road to the construction of the agri @-@ nazi Group in Turin .
This decision will give the green light to roll @-@ step ideas which is essential in the logic of the railways and shifting the road from road transport .
As I had said in the Chamber , it was followed by the fact that the Sharm el @-@ Sheikh programme was carried out , and this is a matter which , at the moment , is ready to make dangerous delays in the development of the Trans @-@ European transport industry , but today we have a determination to resolve the day , the development of the trans @-@ European transport network in this century .
I would add that the decision of Italy and France , which was fully supported by the European Commission , is in line with the fact that this is fully supported .
It is also good news that the Commission would request that the Commission had a number of weeks in January of this year , calling for the approval of the protocol to sign the protocol , and the desire to ratify this protocol as soon as possible .
This is now in the form of a progressive project in favour of a revitalising of rail transport in the Alpine region , with the aim of making a clear break in road transport in the Alpine region .
In this regard , I have already indicated that the Commission will finally be able to adopt a trans @-@ European Transport Network in the next few years , in the course of the next few years .
Finally , I would like to express my satisfaction at the connection made in Turin after the summer of the visit to the visit that sank .
The French and Italian authorities have taken their decision , and the Italian and Italian authorities have demonstrated their decision , meaning and understanding .
I urge the Commission to support this decision in favour of a more detailed and ill @-@ friendly reduction in transport .
Wieland report ( A5 @-@ 0012 / 2001 )
Mr President , I have voted in favour of the directive on the recognition of professional qualifications , recipients , recipients , managers , etc .
First of all , I have taken note of the fact that those doctors who are interested in the European Union are , however , in favour of those doctors who are in the European Union , but I have been forced to get the right time , but I have had the right to find appropriate medical assistance both in Italy and Belgium and in France .
That is why I think it would be beneficial if all people in Europe could move freely and who would have the same training .
I therefore hope a single European supervision .
McNally report ( A5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 )
Mr President , I have given my assent to the report on a procedural programme for the provision of information for information and relief .
I have my friend , Mr Solana , who sets out my friend , Mr Heaton @-@ Harris , who , in my capacity to come to Brussels , is saying that this directive will be energy saving if employees leave their offices and leave their offices in the light of this type of state @-@ technology .
Having discussed the usefulness of this document and has explained that , at the end of the discussions , it would no longer be easy to make employees obliged to make the computer available to the computer if they are no longer used ? &quot;
I am still asking , Mr President .
Mr President , I voted for the ban on the death of 17 and all the other substances which are so harmful to the human body because , as you know , growth and development of this kind will affect the growth and development of these people .
However , I have learned that the Finance Ministers of our Member States are not necessarily opposed to a re @-@ weighting of these offences , which , as we know , encourage the development of animals , so as to increase faster .
&quot; But why are they not opposed to this ?
Last night , I believe that an answer may be given to our ministers that if the growth of animals is being speeded up , then people will also develop faster , so that they are not so long and pensioners , and that is why the public budget could be restored .
Mr President , I voted for the promotion of trade relations with the United States of America , Canada , the Republic of Korea , the Republic of Korea , Australia , and New Zealand .
I hope for the future greater cooperation in order to make a greater impact on the improvement of the living conditions of elderly people in these states .
I also hope that the opportunity to deal with these countries in these countries will be dealt with in order to see whether we do not have a number of suggestions in order to improve the legal conditions for the purpose of improving the life of the elderly .
We do not support the man &apos; s report for several reasons .
Firstly , a legal framework for the projects is missing .
This is right when it comes to the scope of the EU .
The cooperation of the Member States is a specific instrument , without its own EU jurisdiction , unless Member States have a mandate to do so .
Nevertheless , the Commission and the rapporteur are preparing a legal basis in the articles of articles originating from these articles .
The Commission is not in a position to specify what activities are being carried out under Article 228 of the activities under Article 308 and what is to be done under Article 308 .
Furthermore , the Commission proposes a single budget line .
As far as multiannual programmes and large types of projects are concerned , however , it is not desirable because the Commission should not lead to an independent policy for the latter .
Furthermore , the Commission has promised to work more effectively by making it less effective .
The Commission must meet the EU Member States in the WTO .
The additional contribution to the coordination of Member States &apos; activities will be expressed .
So we do not want deepening and enlargement .
The Commission has to do with European issues such as agriculture , the impact on developing countries and sub @-@ economic development .
This is why it is not appropriate to carry out financial action .
In the rapporteur &apos; s report , we see an improvement in the Commission &apos; s proposal , but it sheds our view that it highlights the problems mentioned .
That is why we abstained from voting .
Muscardini report ( A5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the strategy set by the European Council for relations with the Mediterranean countries .
My country , Italy , is an understatement .
I therefore believe that the European Union should take more account of the neighbouring countries in the South , which is only a separate one .
I propose to extend to those who are responsible for this policy in the future . I propose to extend the regulation to extend the regulation to the southern countries of the Mediterranean , i.e. to extend them to the countries outside the Mediterranean , i.e. the countries outside the Mediterranean .
Many workers of the Mediterranean countries are living in Europe and I therefore feel that they should be in the merits of a single pension .
The Barcelona process aroused hope for relations between the European Union and twelve countries of the Mediterranean .
But we have realised that this instrument proved to be inadequate .
For political reasons , the complex peace process in the Middle East is an important reason , but not the only one .
As a main priority , the report calls for simplification and more flexible functioning of the MEDA programme and developing measures to develop the Mediterranean countries and we can only agree with this .
However , given the major importance of the Mediterranean area , the Council has now adopted a common strategy for this region in time .
We therefore hope that this time the political will will give greater attention to the need for cooperation between the Member States and the countries of the Mediterranean , and in those around the European Union .
It is not , of course , perceived as a deterrent on the Nordic dimension , but because it is a road which will be open to this cooperation , and it is desirable to prevent Europe from becoming a centre .
Furthermore , the demand for increasing the European Union is increasingly placed on the sea , and the following step could be very good , and the following step could be to give it a more dynamic dimension ....
One word to the rapporteur , Mrs Frahm and Mrs friend , Muscardini .
I have followed the process of work on this report in the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Foreign Affairs .
The outcome of Mrs Muscardini &apos; s work has given full right to all those who have given their permission as rapporteur from the beginning , because her report received only one vote against and there was no abstention .
In any event , if we come to such statements , the value of the document and draft directives is not sufficiently sufficient .
It was true that it was their duty , but it is not less than less that the European Parliament recognises this in a position with an overwhelming majority .
I therefore congratulate my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini , Muscardini , Muscardini .
Naïr report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the intensification of the Barcelona process .
That is a logical explanation of my vote .
In my opinion , the Mediterranean countries are just as Europe like Turkey .
I hope and support Turkey &apos; s accession to the European Union , but we should also look at the possibility of EU membership of the Mediterranean countries .
I treat this as two sides of the same coin .
- ( FR ) I would like to warmly congratulate the rapporteur on his work .
His report on the Barcelona process is indeed very comprehensive , so I will only touch on some of my very important points .
First of all , I should like to point out that the Commission &apos; s communication has been reinforced a dual objective : the Barcelona process has been drawn up , and recommendations in view of the Barcelona conference in Marseilles ( November ) .
The assessment is honestly described .
The three aspects of the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , i.e. politics , culture , culture and human rights , and financial and financial and financial services , did not only have a follow @-@ up to the latter .
But here too , things still leave things to be desired !
In this area , there is an art across the territory of our partners to demand the opening up of their markets in sectors where we are the most competitive policy of the European Union in terms of the use of these countries .
As the rapporteur says , we want a &quot; free trade zone in accordance with the conditions set by Europe .
This kind of attitude is particularly irresponsible .
Do we not pretend that we are aiming for the creation of a region of shared prosperity !
The low importance of the European Union &apos; s enlargement of the European Union , as a whole , must at long last be criticised .
This is a matter of abuse , as the Union has a major interest in the sustainable economic and social development of this , and the political stability of these on the other side of the Mediterranean , the region of Europe .
The Euro @-@ Mediterranean Partnership must urgently give fresh impetus .
The rapporteur proposes a number of ways forward .
I would like to recommend a more radical approach to the political stage on the political stage .
The new international language is undoubtedly an opportunity which we should take .
The European Union has a role to play in the Middle East peace process .
The solution of the conflict in the Middle East is a crucial precondition for achieving peace and stability in the region .
This means the right to security for Israel and all the other countries of the region and the recognition of the legitimate law of the Palestinian people , in a viable and internationally recognised state .
In addition , the European Union must support more financial resources and human resources and interregional cooperation and the involvement of civil society .
As a representative , I would like to express my satisfaction at the fact that the Swedish Presidency intends to look into the Barcelona process , in line with the fact that the Portuguese Presidency has been looking into the Barcelona process .
Hopefully , they can be translated into practice quickly .
That is why I voted for the report from Kathalijne Naïr .
It is regrettable that human rights and practical implementation are not sufficiently taken into account in the Barcelona process .
That is why I voted for a number of amendments , including Amendments Nos 1 .
As a Swedish Christian Democrat , I would like to express my concern about the living conditions of the Christian Democratic minority in Egypt , because these people are treated practically like people in their own country .
It is also the marginalisation of the community of Christian Trade in Lebanon .
I am therefore convinced that , in addition to the economic and monetary affairs of the Mediterranean countries , a condition for the protection of ethnic , religious and cultural minorities in the Mediterranean countries is a prerequisite for further progress in the Barcelona process .
- ( FR ) The Naïr report on Mediterranean policy on Mediterranean policy is rather vague .
This does not allow the real conditions for cooperation between Europe and the Mediterranean .
Although the rapporteur is in favour of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , there is a problem in which the report will be respected , when the other social issues are being dealt with .
First of all , the report advocates the Commission &apos; s project , which advocates free trade and economic liberalisation of the Mediterranean countries .
In this respect , paragraph 21 , which states : &quot; If the impetus to liberalising the economies of the Mediterranean partners and the implementation of structural reforms , we will be able to compete in order to compete ... &quot;
The central issue of external debt will be dealt with in the report in the form of an &quot; scoreboard &quot; , while the European governments must be called upon to call a full ban on them .
As far as immigrants are concerned , a restrictive position is being adopted in the Malmström report on migration and illegal immigration .
Men and women have never been placed on borders .
It is a illegal immigrants , precisely the interests of the mafia and trafficking in human beings .
We must have the will to open up the borders .
At the end of the day , while the right of the Palestinian people to a State of the rapporteur recognises the right of demands , the release of all political prisoners and the right of refugees to return , but not forgetting .
For these reasons , I did not vote in favour of this report .
Resolution on the &quot; Colombia Plan ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) We have voted in favour of the resolution on Colombia , but we have only voted in favour of the plan developed by the United States which runs counter to the fight against trafficking in drug trafficking that most rural groups are in the most important use of the supply of water .
The main objective of this intervention is to facilitate the capitalist resources of capitalist groups .
We are against the military intervention of the United States in Colombia , as we also hear Britain &apos; s intervention in Sierra Leone and the direct or indirect actions of France in Rwanda , in the Congo or in opposing terrorism .
We are also opposed to the plans for the privatisation of major economic sectors in the Colombian economy and against those of the people leading to an ageing population .
As you know , the aid granted by the European Union and the IMF is primarily a aim to establish the necessary conditions for investment in the power of competencies .
In short , we are opposed to any repression and the people of the people what we wanted to express with our vote .
- ( FR ) The Colombia plan of the United States was completely unfounded , without any decision on the different social and political operators , and without the approval of the Colombian Congress .
Under the guise of the fight against trafficking in drug trafficking , nothing more than a dangerous solution is proposed by small producers , which small producers are destroying their homes , and they are therefore destroyed by small producers , and they are therefore forced to destroy them .
With his resolution to support the peace process in Colombia , the Committee on Development and Cooperation has taken place in Colombia .
The proposed reform process , the support of the peace process with neighbouring countries , can only be supported .
However , the resources paid by the European Union must be controlled to ensure that it does not serve a repressive reason for a reason .
The first step towards peace can only be found in the condemnation of the paramilitary groups and the inclusion of dialogue with the youngest and the ELN .
In order to combat drug trafficking and genuine trafficking in drug trafficking , more effective measures must be taken : effective and effective preventing the proceeds of money from the capital market , which would allow the movement of all citizens to meet the needs of all citizens .
Mr President , I asked why Mr Fatuzzo has nothing to say about this .
I would have liked to have had a minute for us .
We have no explanation because we have not received any declaration about the Colombia plan .
Would it not be possible for you , Mr President , to ask him to explain what he was voting today , because it is important for us to know .
Yes , I know that each Member can give a statement to his vote , and Mr Fatuzzo has the right to make a statement on what we are grateful for . &quot;
Ferri report ( A5 @-@ 0097 / 2000 )
Denmark makes provision for a legal reservation , which means that we do not have jurisdiction of the EU .
The cross @-@ border crime is , however , a very sensitive problem which requires cooperation between Member States .
I have decided to vote in favour of this report and to vote in favour of paragraph 5 of the EU &apos; s common public Office - because we have seen a large number of foreign criminals in the last few years that we can do with our traditional economic assets and our own activities .
Never before we have had such brutality with such brutality , with cynicism and migrants , as is at the moment in connection with smuggling , trafficking in women , trafficking in human beings , trafficking in human beings , money laundering and the public &apos; s population .
Since Denmark has a very high level of conduct , there is a level of immigrants under the principle of the lowest opposition .
The majority of our politicians want to see the truth and try to ensure that international conventions prevent international and honest citizens to protect our peaceful and honest citizens .
This EU initiative is necessary to ensure law and order in Denmark .
We are forced to do something together with our European partners in order to give the criminals more power than criminals .
The British Group of the Party of European Socialists vote in favour of the spirit of this resolution , but there are some objections to the ideas of the European Socialist Party .
We are against the inclusion of the European Public Prosecutor in this text ( paragraph 5 ) .
The resolution should be given the responsibility of transferring this mechanism to the Member States , which is an inappropriate response to the cooperation between Member States .
It is debatable whether it is legally binding that national legal procedures should be disregarded and that the judicial independence of the Member States should be preserved .
Furthermore , some of them could be ambiguous and there are legal confusion , such as paragraph 9 of indirect sanctions for Member States and calls for the European Court of Justice to be extended to judgments the powers of the European Court of Justice .
Finally , the British sub @-@ economic cooperation in criminal matters , but there is concern about the reference to &apos; harmonisation of criminal law &apos; in paragraph 13 , according to which Member States are examining criminal law within the EU .
This can be desirable in certain areas , but cooperation in criminal matters should be restricted to exchanges of information and the harmonisation of certain legislation , provided that it is good , but not a general level of harmonisation .
.
( EL ) In the rapporteur &apos; s resolution , the real need is the real necessary need to extend organised crime , the pretext for which the state and intergovernmental law should be extended and any form of national sovereignty .
All this is done on behalf of the creation of the present area of freedom , security and justice , as laid down in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the conclusions of the Tampere European Council .
Let me just add : &quot; For the new order of the South @-@ EMU era in the South Africa era .
As far as the people of Europe are concerned , there is actually room for a lack of freedom , insecurity and defence .
This is also evident from the fact that the so @-@ called terrorism , as it is , of course , shows the authors of the appropriate texts which , logically , have never wished to make more specific comments , before it is perceived to be perceived in a legally legal concept before it is perceived in the fight against organised crime .
On the one hand , the pretext of terrorism is , on the one hand , directed against any form of political opposition , the fight against the anti @-@ grass @-@ roots and anti @-@ terrorist attack against their decisions and seek to be a panic .
But who are of course talking about authoritarian crimes and terrorism ?
For example , is the increase in the people of Yugoslavia and the poisoning of both the civilian population and the troops of the EU in the EU &apos; s Member States through the flood of mines , not an organised crime and even for this ?
Is it really possible to call the behaviour of the demonstrations in Prague , Nice and recently in Ecofin , in a different fashion ?
How can attacks on farmers , pensioners and , more generally , the popular movement in Greece and other EU countries ?
We too are in favour of combating organised crime .
This cannot , however , do these forces to fight the movement of the popular movement against the fight against the movement of popular movement , such as the EU countries , and which are responsible for the rapid growth of organised crime and personalities , for example with the KLA , for the KLA .
In our opinion , the motion for a resolution puts forward a further contribution to the establishment of the capital and freedoms of the people , and the idea of national sovereignty is deeply negative to the end of the &quot; law of new law &quot; and is dangerous to the people of Europe .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has voted in favour of Mr Ferri &apos; s report because we wish us to make a more effective and more effective fight against organised crime within the EU by ensuring that the Member States complement the national criminal systems .
However , we are opposed to paragraph 5 calling for the Union to be responsible for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , which applies to the whole area of the Member States , which does mean that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office does not replace the national public prosecutor .
We are in favour of a European Public Prosecutor , which works with the national authorities , but this is not replaced by this .
We accept paragraph 11 ( b ) , if it means harmonising national definitions of serious crime , so that violations of the laws cannot be used by means of the harmonisation of all national legal systems by harmonising them .
For point 8 , we voted for paragraph 8 because we are calling for a sensible limit of bureaucracy between experts such as judges or magistrates , for example .
Although we voted for paragraph 9 , the proposal for sanctions contained in paragraph 9 contains weak points concerning the standard at present .
There is no possibility that we have agreed to have agreed more effectively , how it would be preferable if the Community &apos; s competence is under way .
The motion for a resolution calls for the European Parliament to carry out the reform of the Treaty on European Union to determine the European Court of Justice in order to determine whether Member States are complying with the obligations conferred on European legislation .
Not only does Parliament intend to limit the EU legislation in this resolution , but also to include the Council of Europe &apos; s instruments , not only in the light of today &apos; s current situation , but also to implement a dangerous precedent which would ensure much confusion and legal uncertainty in the future .
The idea of sanctions against those Member States which do not impose a sufficiently effective approach to the field of Mutual Assistance is in stark contrast to the instruments adopted in the context of the Title XIII of the Treaty on European Union instruments .
A more serious way of dealing with sanctions against partners in the EU is a disturbing development which conceals a drift from the European right to a Europe of the law .
Finally , I would like to point out to the rapporteur and all the other Members that the first two points in the explanatory statement regarding the shortcomings of the Luxembourg stadium have been no more than the law of 8 August last year .
O Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 )
Mr President , I should like to explain why the Greens were positive to these amendments .
It concerns both paragraphs 11 and 13 in the recitals , which , in the final analysis , constitute a further important recital , and the delicate aspects of paragraph 7 and paragraph 12 which we are in favour of .
Paragraph 7 refers to the desire , but a legal framework for the problems which will be created in this new market .
Indeed , this was the main reason in this initiative initiative initiative .
Why ?
The paragraph 12 calls for the point to be made , which calls for a specific monitoring clause to be found on the basis of the implementation of waste .
This problem is now , and this would mean all existing policies completely .
This paragraph does not , in any case , contain paragraph 13 , because paragraph 13 only calls for the existing production requirements which are readily available to the existing ones , such as libraries etc. , for example , in a number of institutions , such as libraries etc. , in the new e @-@ market .
There is no contradiction between this .
On the contrary , this could take important steps for the future , for the new market and for the traditional book .
That is why the Greens voted in favour .
Mr President , I voted for the report on electronic Rights which I have read very carefully , and I have given me my support for this .
I was told that , when I am in the sitting with my wife to myself , I am surprised at the day when it comes to my fellow Member in his book : it is the organisation of my vote that would raise this interesting and fascinating effect .
So I asked : &quot; Why do we not do anything for the manufacture of an electronic contract , which is not easy to read , but which cannot be read ?
They can be learnt and read in such a way that they are , unfortunately , close to those who , unfortunately , have a disability , and we would like to hear these stories and read these stories . &quot;
.
( PT ) We have voted in favour of the report because we consider it to be a balanced subject of communication and reinforce the importance of reinforcing the teaching and breadth of Europe , to protect the cultural and linguistic diversity of Europe and to ensure that a number of specific measures must be taken to protect and inform the public and the public and public services .
It is important that we support the fight against gender @-@ intensive education and raising public awareness of the importance of public opinion , but undoubtedly technological developments are needed , in particular the capacity of the authors of the authors and the rights of owners , in particular the Ombudsman &apos; s right to information .
We must ensure that electronic justice is fully taken into account and that this important area can be built in addition to traditional growth , so that both continents can exist without side .
I welcome the fact that the report emphasises the linguistic and cultural diversity of the various European regions and the crucial contribution of the word &apos; cultural development &apos; in the various European regions .
In view of this emphasis on linguistic and cultural diversity , I assume that the references to all languages included in the report include less overall languages .
E @-@ commerce is extremely important , for which there is a limited demand for a limited demand , and , under the heading of this category , there are fewer material and books in less isolated languages .
It is therefore important that the Commission and the Council take this into account if it deals with this report .
That concludes the voting .
Adjournment of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned .
( The sitting was closed at 12.15 p.m. )
Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday 1 February 2001 .
Agenda
The next item is the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at the meeting of Thursday , 8 February , pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure .
On Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday , I am not asking for an amendment , but Mr McMillan @-@ Scott has asked me to speak .
Madam President , I wish to comment on the proposal for a regulation on European political parties .
The Commission wanted to make a statement on this matter in Strasbourg last plenary .
This did not end up , and I have the impression that the Commission has now formed a view to financing European political parties .
This is , above all , a very sensitive matter , as this Parliament may be members of a number of parties who may find themselves in favour of such financing , even if they are to be welcomed .
Could you ask the Commission to take a statement on this matter at some time ?
Secondly , as we deal with the agenda for Tuesday , I would like to express my concern that although there is a debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , there is no resolution on this subject .
This is particularly important because , for 2001 , the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 contains some 200 measures which Parliament is discussing , but which Parliament will not adopt a resolution .
This is unacceptable .
There should be a resolution , especially because we are obliged to monitor the Commission &apos; s work carefully .
Finally , I would like to make it possible to note that the work programme , which is not the Commission alone , should be included in the work programme for the Commission , Parliament and the Council .
Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , with regard to the fact that there is no motion for a resolution , the Conference of Presidents has taken the view that there is no need for a timetable for this .
Madam President , may I say a news , but I think it was truly intended to adopt a resolution .
First of all , we should send the work programme to the relevant parliamentary committees before we produce a revised resolution in which the various committees will adopt their position .
I have understood that : it will be a resolution , but not immediately .
Madam President , it is not just a question of what Mr Cox understands .
This is why it is not serious to put forward a resolution in which all these points are contained ; that the relevant committees have agreed that the relevant committees are looking carefully at the resolution and , as usual , the relevant committees will be able to examine a resolution in April .
With regard to extending this programme to the Council , this is an interesting point for the future , but the Commission and Parliament are at the moment .
Thank you , Mr Barón Crespo .
So we shall proceed accordingly .
As far as your second question is concerned , Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , there is indeed no communication from the Commission on the recognition of political parties .
If you wish to raise this issue on the agenda , we could ask the Commission , for example , to make a statement on the Thursday evening .
Madam President , thank you for that helpful proposal .
Unfortunately , not many of us will be here on Thursday evening .
It would be good if the Commission is to take this opportunity to take account of this , and this morning in its statement on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 - or the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 .
Relating to Thursday :
President .
I have a request from the Group of the Party of European Socialists , which , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , to remove the oral question on the floods in Ireland and France by the Commission .
Madam President , we are in favour of this request for two reasons : a parliamentary and political motion .
The parliamentary reason is in Parliament &apos; s work .
At the moment , the review of all stability and welfare systems is the subject of an investigation into the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , as well as the drastic improvement of the major economic guidelines in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , if I am not mistaken .
This is , therefore , the issue with an economic activity .
Secondly , there is a political reason .
The problem raised by the Group of the European People &apos; s Party was covered in the Conference of Presidents .
The problem of the Conference of Presidents was France &apos; s Conference of Presidents .
If we take account of the evolution of relations with the parties and the opposition parties and all the aspirations of this Parliament , then the debate on Thursday is not a very timely moment , for the fifteen Member States to concentrate on this .
For this reason , it is appropriate for Parliament to abide by its rules and , in accordance with the logic of the logic , that it has agreed .
Madam President , it is understandable if Mr Barón Crespo decided to revise the Conference of Presidents here .
That is totally permissible and legitimate and I would like to make it quite legitimate .
I hope , however , that he will not receive majority voting because this issue is not a violation of parliamentary procedures , but we want information from the Commission .
In any event , the progress of the normal work in the previous committee will not be affected .
However , we want to have information from the Commission at this time .
Furthermore , the discussions in the Council of Ministers continue to continue and why should we not enter into a discussion discussion on this issue , especially as - and I would urge everyone to consider all the facts - that we have no decision .
Finally , we will not adopt a resolution , but the information will be carried out .
Moreover , Mr Barón Crespo knows that the debate in the Conference of Presidents has been developed .
Mr Wurtz has tabled a point of view - and we are not constantly working in a coalition , and we are not always in a position to distinguish from a coalition , Mr Wurtz and our group .
We are no doubt about it , and I would therefore ask that this oral question remains to be retained in this oral question .
Madam President , I would like to ask a question on our agenda , which is not a comment or against it .
This question concerns both in parliamentary and political terms , as well as the chairman of the Socialist Group .
If the Commission or , more specifically , the Council , the Council , which makes a precedent this week , should we not be as early as possible and at a time when possible , as many as possible , to be informed of this fact as many as possible ?
Is it really the best solution if the European Parliament took such a debate on Thursday p.m. , a time when the debate was taken , a time when the debate was taken at 5.30 p.m. at 5.30 p.m , which I have taken part in participating in the decision @-@ session .
Should we not , of course , ask the Commission and , of course , to ask the Council to express its opinion on this matter again this week , so that we can deal with this issue properly ?
I fear that the Thursday evening is not an ideal time for this .
Madam President , I feel that it is all the more important to express my view than the statements from Mr Poettering .
I would therefore like to clarify what this is about here .
I am not aware of the reasons underlying Mr Poettering or by Mr von Wogau who asked this request , and I would like to ask a different question .
I think that this debate is appropriate because it is the first time that the Commission has taken this instrument off its own instruments . It is the first time that the Commission has a recommendation , with reference to the requirements of a recommendation , a state .
In other words , Ireland is very committed to the fact that , in some cases , the profits of growth are being used to have more or far @-@ reaching social concerns in some cases .
I believe that this is a political issue .
In fact , we did not insisted that this debate will end up with a resolution in order to give the competent institutions the opportunity to give the competent institutions the opportunity to do so , but I believe that a debate on this issue is appropriate .
I would like to respond to Mr Cox &apos; s intervention as a response to his contribution that the Commissioner , Mr Solbes , has made it possible to meet at 5.30 p.m. on Thursday at 5.30 p.m .
I have no doubt that the Members of the European Parliament will be able to follow the same lines , provided that the point is maintained .
We are hearing Mrs Randzio @-@ Plath because the Rules of Procedure show that , apart from the speaker of the group , we have heard another speaker who has voted against the motion , and then we will make a decision .
This is a very challenging process , which requires very careful political evaluation .
That is why we need , Mr Poettering , but all the information we obtain , but the information we obtain are mainly written in written reports , and I believe that this House would be well advised to make these work clearer .
I would like to remind you of the great deal of the Stability and Growth Pact at all here and that there have been major doubts if investments in education should be made in the field of budgetary deficit .
It was not only members of the PSE Group who were not just members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , but also the PPE @-@ DE Group .
That is why I really would like to advocate that we have no debate at all on a debate which has to take place in the committees , but that we have the work in committee .
We have discussed Mr Solbes Solbes here in committee , we are debating this and have the opportunity to make the report available to our rapporteur in plenary .
I shall now proceed to the request to be taken off the agenda .
( Parliament rejected the request )
That is the agenda of this part @-@ session and the next part @-@ session in Brussels and we can now deal with the environmental situation .
Madam President , I would like to inform my fellow Members about the issue of information which has taken place in the run @-@ up to the agenda .
The PPE @-@ DE Group and several others have , of course , been asked to discuss the subject of discussion this week .
Unfortunately , the Conference of Presidents has rejected this .
However , we still have to put an appeal to an opposition against the agenda , as we have been informed that some groups are in favour of a discussion here in the European Parliament , but perhaps at a later date .
We therefore want to enter into dialogue with these other groups because we are not opposed to discussions and talks but we want to conduct the discussion .
However , we are very disappointed that the Dutch Minister , Mrs Vachetta , has rejected the discussion and she rejected an invitation for Tibet .
However , this should not prevent us from using the other groups in dialogue and perhaps a request for the agenda in March .
I just wanted to point this out because , in this context , many issues have been discussed .
Madam President , I would just like to comment briefly on Mr Liese &apos; s intervention , Minister vetoed the discussion about electoral proceedings .
That is completely wrong .
The Dutch Government , as well as all the Dutch Members , are willing to open up an open and honest debate on the facts , but not on declaration and comments , which are very hard at the border .
We will give you these information .
I know that the Dutch Government is happy to provide all the Members of the European Parliament with the information or a discussion of all Members of the European Parliament in order to discuss the issue in the Netherlands .
Madam President , I would like to say to you , Mr Liese , that we all know what we are all familiar with .
Some groups have indeed been organised by a hearing and Mrs Thyssen has invited the desire of some political groups to make this law clearer .
If Mrs Swiebel is not able to accept an invitation , you have to look simply at whether or not it can come to a longer .
Then there is not a declaration of calculation .
In any case , I think it is extremely helpful and also essential that the Dutch Minister for Human Rights should be given clarity here too , because our group is extremely concerned about the Dutch oil system , as our group is extremely concerned about the Dutch oil system .
Madam President , I think it is reasonable from the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats to speak on Thursday at the next Thursday debate on the complicated , difficult and extremely busy @-@ researched issue .
In my own country , the Netherlands , we have held a social debate for twenty years , a very good and balanced social debate , and we can , of course , never be able to hold a few moments on a Thursday evening .
We should be doing these things .
There is also something else .
We are always talking about subsidiarity in this House .
This is a question of national criminal law which has been decided on the Dutch Parliament .
The concept of subsidiarity should always be addressed here in this House .
Madam President , as Mr Wiebenga has also said , I am surprised that the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats share the view that the laws on the Member States are a suitable subject for a debate at European level .
In the United Kingdom , the Conservatives were fairly fast to condemn European defence systems than a breach of national affairs and violations of the principle of subsidiarity .
They will certainly be listening to the general elections in Britain over the coming weeks and months before the general elections in Great Britain .
I think it is very extraordinary that they have worked in a Member State at a European level , and that is that I am referring to the forthcoming election campaign .
Madam President , it is a question of doing subsidiarity .
It is indeed up to the countries themselves to legislate .
The question is , however , whether this violates the anti @-@ European and international treaties contravenes the Treaty .
This concern is very well done and it is our duty to discuss this issue and its cross @-@ border dimension .
That is what it is about , irrespective of subsidiarity , irrespective of the subsidiarity principle .
In fact , Mrs van der Laan , I can read Mrs Roth @-@ Behrendt &apos; s reply to Mrs Roth @-@ Peter &apos; s reply .
You can be aware of the fact that it is a matter of great concern to the Minister for public health .
We are surprised that Parliament is not in favour of the appropriate place to discuss this issue .
Madam President , I am amazed to hear that a fellow Member is referring here to the question of subsidiarity as a matter of subsidiarity .
We are all very proud of the fact that , in none of the Member States of the European Union , there is the death penalty because the human lives are something that is something that we all need to combine .
Madam President , very briefly on the statement on the question of Baroness Ludford &apos; s question on whether there should be a debate on the electoral issue , I think it is absolutely reasonable that Parliament discussed a discussion on environmental issues .
Personally , I would like to recommend that there should be no vote in favour of such a debate , and my delegation will continue to vote for a vote without a form of maternity .
I would like to make it clear to the Minutes that my delegation in the EPP Group has not taken a position on this issue .
However , I share the statement made by Baroness Ludford that I would like to see a form of political foresight !
Madam President , it is quite clear that we are all dealing with the issue of life and death in our own life and in our family , which we are perhaps being confronted with in our personal life and in our family , which is a fine death .
So , at least we should have the courage to assess the respect : both parties with different opinions .
There is no party here , which is justified by the ethical principles alone , and there are also no party , the other , the Group of the Greens , the Greens and the Socialists , under the violation of human rights .
If we want to talk about a serious discussion , a open discussion - and this is what we want - is not the subject of subsidiarity , this is a matter for itself .
What matters basically is to testify to something that is a matter of great concern .
The nature of the facts of the EPP delegates over the past couple of weeks , the tone , in which they have put forward , and the title which she has made - was certainly not conducive to this respect .
That is a mistake .
If Mr Liese wants to bring about a discussion , he can do so , but it is not from a single position , then he must ask people to hold a public debate .
We are pleased to do that , but we are not prepared to participate in a normal party attack on a purely political attack , which is a very important part of the Dutch and Belgian society than , as such , with respect for the views of others , but in a way that can be seen in a way which can be used as a whole .
I would like to say that I would like to ask the Members who feel different from this debate .
We are therefore in favour of a debate which , in our view , should be carried out under appropriate conditions , but , in our view , the possibility of a whole range of experts and moral missions will be carried out , as we believe that this is a fundamental debate in ethical terms .
I believe that this is not just in the Netherlands but also in other Member States of the European Union .
This debate is taking a great deal of time and has not yet been decided upon , even though it has been so long for several months .
Therefore , if such a debate is to take place here , then it must be done in a serious and efficient way .
Madam President , in principle I fully support the debate on the electoral committee in this Parliament .
However , I would like to take this opportunity to say that many people in my constituency are deeply concerned about the fact that a European Commission , together with a Swedish Minister on behalf of the European Union , has condemned the actions of the new American Government to help the financial support of organisations for family planning , which are in less developed countries .
As far as the issue of subsidiarity is concerned , the situation is illegal in Ireland and we are opposed to the European Union , as the European Union also - that money should be used for processing products .
On the contrary , we in Parliament are in favour of ensuring that abortion never used to be used as a means of family capital and for that purpose .
At the conference in Cairo , and the World Conference on Women , the World Conference on Women was held in Beijing .
I therefore wonder why a Commissioner is in a position to express an opinion on the agreements already established in this context , and how does it take account of the principle of subsidiarity by taking place on behalf of my own country .
Madam President , for a few weeks ago in a plenary sitting , we have talked about the coast of Spain , specifically in Andalusia , 12 immigrants from African countries , and there has been a lot of young people from African countries .
I could send you some intolerant election in the Spanish press so that you have seen the seriousness of this tragedy .
For years , and I will come to the end , Madam President , we in Europe have been critical of all this highly sensitive attitude in the light of summits , Mexico and the United States of America . Today , today we are talking about the coastlines of Spain , without any fault .
I believe that this Parliament must intervene in the Spanish Government and recognise this problem as a European initiative .
It is not acceptable that you look at this serious problem .
That is why I would like to congratulate Mr Nogueira and say that the Spanish authorities and society can do everything in our power to alleviate this terrible human suffering .
Madam President , I have a statement to you , Mrs Caroline Lucas .
She was arrested this morning at 9 p.m. when they were in Scotland in a demonstration of an demonstration .
They identify their participation in a number of legal rulings which have been applied during the last time , and it has been noted that this destruction of weapons against international law is violated .
As a Member of the European Parliament , it should not be allowed to be arrested , while it is on the part of Parliament to take action on this issue .
In actual fact , the immunity of a Member or Members can only be lifted when Parliament has discussed the matter and , if we are discussing it , Parliament should decide whether nuclear weapons violate international law .
Mrs Hautala , I can assure you that we are dealing with the situation in this House .
Madam President , I would like to comment on Mrs Hautala &apos; s statement that she was arrested on today &apos;s plenary sitting .
It seems to me unusual that she was arrested on the way this was arrested , but the south @-@ east of England , while its arrest were continuing , were continuing to continue 800 or Swedish kilometres .
Instead of the British Government &apos; s failure to leave it from the point of view of time , Mrs Lucas , a map of Great Britain , and some of the suggestions made by Mrs Lucas , should be promised .
Madam President , I would like to take a point of view of the fact that the British Government in the event of arrests makes no difference whatsoever .
At the same time , some Members of the Vlaams Executive , some Members of the Scottish Executive and several other people who are calling for a detention of what the UK is calling a arrest in general !
In order to be able to apply the same laws , we have applied the same laws , together with the others .
I hope that they will have a reasonable time to do so in the future .
Madam President , I am speaking against the very extreme remarks made by Mr Balfe .
The Scottish law authorises no one to indicate that it is an instrument to be introduced .
The arrests made at Faslane have been conducted in accordance with current legislation , and I am sure that the people concerned will be immediately released .
My colleague Mrs Lucas , Mrs Lucas , should be given an opportunity in this House to decide whether its immunity is also covered , provided there are serious doubts about the legality of nuclear weapons on the ground of nuclear weapons , as they have already reported from the Scottish courts .
Madam President , I do not know whether the Rules of Procedure are in line with the rules of this debate but , in particular , I feel obliged to express my solidarity with the number of Caroline Lucas and their actions .
There may be less , Caroline Lucas , of the law , but I believe that , above all , the existence of the law is not a day but , in particular , the decline of the right to nuclear weapons was attended by a demonstration of nuclear weapons which are all harmful to us all .
I would like to thank , Caroline Lucas , and the other women who have been arrested !
Madam President , first of all I would like to extend warm thanks to you because the flight from Amsterdam to Strasbourg is at home this morning and on time .
I think that you have sent excellent efforts to the French Government .
Thank you very much .
However , I would like to say something else .
On 10 November , I have referred to the European Commission &apos; s preference for public stations in the Netherlands on 10 November .
That was a three months ago .
I still have no reply to these questions .
Now this is a very sensitive issue and I can therefore understand why it is very difficult to reply to Commissioner Monti , but the auctions will be very difficult to answer this .
I would therefore have liked to answer my question here or next week .
I have already informed the relevant services , but still nothing has happened .
Perhaps you can use me for me .
I would like to help you , but I have noticed that the Commission has taken very careful note of your intervention , and that will certainly have positive consequences .
Madam President , I would also like to say that the Portuguese Members who came to Frankfurt today were waiting for a vehicle to wait for a vehicle to be sent to a vehicle which prevented Strasbourg from Strasbourg and then , in addition to the Italian colleagues , who have been sent to Strasbourg for two hours .
It is quite unacceptable that Members are treated differently than cows or swine according to European rules .
I would also like to say that Minister Moscovici has informed me that he was going to inform me that there will be two Lisbon contracts from Lisbon to Strasbourg , but at the latest Air France in Lisbon .
Who is now better : a member of the French Government or the French airline ?
We will look carefully at this .
Madam President , we thank the Air France for the implementation of the former Amsterdam Strasbourg Committee , but I would like to say that we probably had the Strasbourg flight to the Strasbourg Strasbourg flight .
This time , Mr President , was &apos; a death and other bread &apos; .
Madam President , I would also ask you once again to consider whether Air France is perhaps not sufficiently ambitious , since the attitude of the Copenhagen Strasbourg @-@ Strasbourg matches was justified .
I believe that there will be very clear improvements in the next few weeks .
I would just like to welcome a new Member of the European Parliament , Mr Vandevielso , who , as you all have done , welcome the same city from the same city and , as you all have done , welcome his work in his work .
So we welcome these colleagues .
Madam President , I would just like to ask for your attention .
There are 30 people here .
But if anybody wishes to speak on this side , it is almost clear that it has never been taken into account .
Mrs Flemming made a very start .
I just wanted to ask you to look at the right side of the House , if speeches come from .
We all take account of all the sides of this House , Mrs Schleicher .
However , you may not know that amendments are only after the adoption of the agenda .
That is a rule which I believe is a rule .
She has been asked for a number of MEPs , and when I proposed it , it was in favour of general approval .
So , on the basis of the adoption of the agenda , it is now before the adoption of the agenda .
You will rest assured that there was not a lot of speech when they were real .
However , since I do not know , I shall give the floor to the honourable Members .
Madam President , I would like to inform both you and the entire House that the delegation of relatives in Brussels last week was to visit a visit to Cyprus .
In the meetings with the groups , they have raised the fate of the most important state of affairs which has clearly been raised .
There are still many of them in 1974 - cases of persons whose fate is unsettled .
The families of these people undoubtedly have the right to know what you have done .
As the efforts of the United Nations , even thanks to the intervention of the United Nations , I would like to ask whether the European Parliament can use the solution to this problem .
Madam President , would you like our President to be so kind as to send a message of visitors from my own constituency , who has been a member of the world in the vicinity of the world ?
I know that a fine from you , a fine , has won the way .
His congratulations was a real and real kind .
I and many others would be very grateful if you were to congratulate both in our name .
Request for the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro
The next item is the report by Mr Zimeray ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request to remove Mr José e Castro .
, deputising for the rapporteur .
( ES ) Madam President , Mr Ribeiro e Castro has been accused of an anti @-@ terrorist ban in the context of an anti @-@ smoking code of 1982 and the Rules of votes from 1990 .
The pretext for this process was a partial breach of the practices of a private contract , which were held on 16 February 1995 , which Mr Ribeiro e Castro will be sent .
It was alleged that the agency does not have serious posts and want to pay warnings for not even success .
The agency rejected against Mr Ribeiro e Castro and against other workers of the same kinds of money and compensation for them .
Parliamentary immunity is no prerogative of a Member of the European Parliament but will guarantee the independence of Parliament and its members with other powers .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market takes the view that the rejection of parliamentary immunity by the Member concerned is no legal system .
The case of this procedure was dated back in February 1995 , and the mandate of Mr Ribeiro e Castro started until last 17 years ago when he had the opportunity to bring about Mr Cot &apos; s succession .
There is a great deal of time on the road of crime and the submission of the motion ; it is a crime which deals with freedom of expression and , in such cases , this Parliament has always recognised immunity , and the fact that Mr Ribeiro e Castro has asked for his parliamentary immunity .
Consequently , the Legal Affairs Committee recommends Article 6 and 6 of the Rules of Procedure and , after studying the reasons for withdrawing immunity , the waiver of the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
Mr President , I am surprised that some Members of the European Parliament could be arrested in the area of a state of the European Union , and I think that this is a very serious issue , and I think that this is a very serious matter which we have just discussed and which we have just debated in the Legal Affairs Committee for a long time now .
But on the very issue , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market is proposing that parliamentary immunity by Mr José e Castro is not waived .
This proposal is based on the content of the Treaties , and I would like to point out that the principles of the Treaties and some of them are now unclear .
Therefore , the Legal Affairs Committee calls for Parliament to approve the report by Mr Zimeray .
I cannot , however , stress two problems which , I repeat , that this Parliament and all the Members of Parliament need to think carefully about this .
The provisions of Articles 9 and 10 concern the way in which Members of the national parliaments have been members of the national parliaments , which are obviously members of the national parliaments .
We must also realise that the European Parliament has a very remarkable role in institutional balance , which is why it is extremely important to guarantee its full independence towards the Member States .
Mr President , I would not like to ask for a sooner or later - in any other country of origin , but , in particular , I believe that the communication to this Parliament on the memory of a Member in Scotland should be considered as clear as a clear information from a competent authority .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
When , reconsidering and unloading , close arms
The next item is the report ( B5 ­ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Directive establishing legislation on safer statistics and unloading procedures ( COM ( 2000 ) , C5 @-@ Agenda / 2000 ( COM ( 2000 ) .
Mr President , the Erika disaster before the French coast has now been very sensitive to a year ago .
There is a different form of awareness of the public &apos; s interest and policy on the road , namely the transport of water products , especially confederations of coal and coal .
Although the environmental damage caused by an owner of this type is low , there are little more than the death of the death penalty .
Let us just look at the accidents in hand : 146 accidents in the last ten years , 146 accidents in recent years are trying .
They were 7 % over 15 years of age .
There are two reasons for these accidents .
Firstly , the expertise of the owners and , secondly , the bad physical constitution of vessels .
This is a burden on charges of copyright , which is due to the risk of misuse of fuel transmission resulting from the wrong point of view .
This problem has been recognised at international level .
The International Oil Pollution Compensation Fund , the IMO , has developed the consultative telecom and veterinary routes , the IMO .
This includes both contractual and non @-@ inflationary signs , and the same applies to the local and social market .
The IMO calls for all its countries to be able to explain their most cooperative countries to apply these intra @-@ Community codes of law to their territory .
The Commission would like to give this appeal to the Commission on behalf of the Member States .
It is planning to adopt a number of amendments to adopt a common Community legislation .
First of all , main points are the emergence of a representative of values , and secondly the key element in terms of self @-@ economic and monetary policy and , thirdly , the right to justice of the competent authorities in the event of differences between ship and country .
What is more , the Commission proposes , as the counterpart to the season @-@ called whistle @-@ blowing , for ships - that is to say a minimum requirement for vessels - that is to say a minimum requirement .
The Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism considers that this Commission proposal is a step in the right direction .
It will not prevent all accidents because the serious damage is often outside the European Union .
However , the sector makes a boost to responsible and responsible approach and , therefore , to prevent it from unnecessary production .
This is precisely because the problem , as the sector , is a global dimension , is extremely important .
We therefore support the adoption of the intra @-@ regulatory codes in the Community legislation .
It is important that the text of the directive should be used as close as possible to the enactment of existing networks in order to prevent distortion of competition between EU Member States and third countries .
Although we agree with the Commission &apos; s proposal , it can be improved in certain areas .
Firstly , in view of the major number of victims , I should like to stress the need to guarantee the security of the recovery .
There are some improvements to the text in this respect .
Secondly , the captain is a high responsibility .
That is why it must be consistent with everything that will be viewed as a result of whether or not , as to whether or not .
Moreover , the classification companies must be notified to the insurance companies , as they often have to judge the state of a vessel .
They will only be able to do so if they have sufficient information .
Thirdly , the role of the competent authority , which will have accepted irregularities during the polling stations , or others .
It will have to be obliged to suspend the respective process in order to ensure the safety of ship @-@ generated ship and nationalise .
Fourthly , I know that it is all well @-@ known that the capacity of the port inspection authorities , the olive oil company , is not sufficiently well known in the Member States .
This directive makes an additional contribution to the public authorities .
That is why the Commission must ensure that these tasks have been carried out .
Finally , a few comments on Amendments Nos 14 , 13 and 16 we have already said that we must be so close to the text of the intra @-@ contractual text in order to avoid distortions of competition and clarity .
However , in fact , Amendment No 14 does not fit in , and I cannot support it .
Amendment No 13 has already been discussed .
The computer is an instrument for the transfer of water .
It does not constitute information on the local and social fabric .
In addition , agreements have already been reached in the IMO on compulsory use of a copyright programme .
The Erika package is covered by the Erika package .
After all , if an computers is a vessel transporting a vessel , it is the job of the polluters and not to control it .
Similarly , in secret , we do not have the knowledge .
In short , you will understand that I cannot agree to Amendment No 13 .
I hope that the honourable Members will understand the reasons for this .
I cannot support Amendment No 16 by Mr Simpson and Mr Seguro .
This is not shared by the countries of the European Union which have not been agreed at international level .
This is not possible .
For the rest , it is very good .
I hope that the summary of those amendments which the amendments have tabled .
If we , Mr President , adopt this report in a limited way , I believe that we have improved guarantees for the safety of water and their crew .
Mr President , allow me to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , on this excellent report and to thank the Commission for its great commitment in this important issue .
Over the past few years , the Commission has proposed various measures to improve maritime safety in the past couple of years , and you therefore responded to a number of accidents which have both died and environmental damage .
One can , in several contexts , deplore the fact that , in various contexts , the European Union has been unable to respond to the damage caused several times , rather than trying to do so before , but nevertheless this initiative is to be welcomed .
Following the Erika I was the Erika II II and there is still more to be expected .
In the coming months of this part @-@ session , Parliament will certainly adopt a position on further reports in this area .
This report concerns safety in relation to assessing and unloading .
There is no doubt that , in the last ten years , accidents were particularly affected by accidents in the past ten years .
A number of reports and statistics confirm this and the rapporteur also highlights this point .
Over half of all the ships &apos; ships have been forced to damage the damage caused to the environment , often as a result of the maintenance of maintenance , often as a result of the situation in terms of local and nutritional certification .
In the last ten years the International Civil Aviation Programme of the IMO has been involved in the last ten years .
In a special report , the Member States invited the Member States , classification societies and shipowners to take greater account of the mistakes in local and environmental terms .
Various measures have been proposed in this context .
Mr President , it is important to see this problem in a wider context .
The number of transport has fallen .
One ever larger part of Central and Eastern Europe from third countries .
This development will soon have a high priority for the payment of the cargo .
This applies not only to the transport industry but also for other transport modes and other transportation .
There is an increase in air traffic problems in order to ensure that the cargo is increased in transport transport and road transport and railways .
The Commission should therefore prepare proposals for solving these problems .
However , as this is primarily a global issue , it is important , at the same time , that the Commission will raise the issues of this type in the IMO and in other international contexts .
Mr President , I would be grateful if the Commissioner could speak on what initiatives the Commission will take on this important matter .
Mr President , on behalf of my group , I would like to express a total opinion on both the Commission &apos; s position on the subject of the directive , namely the directive and the content of the proposal .
The subject in which international organisations have already been adopted have already been established : there have already been principles and rules for a very disputed activity , in order to prevent the accidents which both the rapporteur and Mr Stenmarck mentioned .
However , these provisions are not binding , as the Commission has reminded us , and this is precisely the problem .
That is why we need to intervene at European level with a code which is based on these provisions and guarantee their commitment to all Member States .
Within the framework of setting European legislation , the Commission is right to take account of all the parties concerned and , in particular , on the electoral process , and the importance of the safety of accidents which deals with accidents in the delicate phases of water safety and the problem of safety safety .
The amendments adopted in committee are heading in the right direction . The responsibility of the competent authorities must , above all , be the responsibility of the competent authorities and not just the right to prevent the local or collective dumping of the vessel .
In addition , it is necessary to damage the safety or substance of the vessel , and the decision on the need to take account of the need and urgency to the victims is clear .
On the other hand , with regard to ships and , in particular , the considerable problems caused by them , I propose on behalf of my Group to replace the amendment tabled by Mr Simpson and Mr Fava and to replace the word &quot; qualifications &quot; by the concept of &apos; research &apos; .
Finally , it is important that this legislation should enter into force as quickly as possible and that the Member States use their real application .
Because , despite the current European and international rules , there is still a lack of work in the Member States in the field of European and international regulations .
We therefore agree with the Commission &apos; s request that these rules should be applied from 1 January 2003 by the Member States .
Mr President , I would also like to thank Mr van Dam for his report .
We support the Commission &apos; s proposal .
There is indeed international rules , a kind of voluntary agreement , which , although either or not properly respected , will be implemented .
When we speak of safety in the electoral arena , we see that many accidents occur with a lot of accidents .
This is why we need to make a contribution in this respect .
We therefore support Mr Van Dam &apos; s report .
My group has two observations .
We are not going to support the proposal concerning the implementation of the text in Amendment No 13 .
This is what we are talking about here about assessing and reviewed ships and not ships .
The problem of copyright is therefore not the debate .
It refers to the Erika II package , where the butchers is referred to .
Secondly , I tabled an amendment in relation to Rule 8 .
We have a duty to interrupt the right to interrupt or suspend the right to interrupt or suspend a flood .
I think it is appropriate .
I also welcome the fact that the Member States can decide who has the power to carry out these checks .
However , if an investigation is given to this exercise , it may also be an commercial interest in the local and commercial power of ships , and that is something we do not have good .
Therefore , in our opinion , the Member States should be able to supervise this control in certain cases too .
Apart from these two points , we can support the proposals in general .
Safety is very important .
We must invest in this .
I note that you have said that it is necessary to invest in human beings in human beings , both in the people of the countries , the inspection of port inspection and other controls , and I believe that this is an important element in order to increase safety at sea , and I believe that this is an important element in order to increase safety at sea .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr van Dam .
This is a very good report .
The Commission too has done a good job : against the background of the accidents such as the Erika , but , in the light of the current situation , 8 000 vessels are not complying with standards and is a major factor in our seas .
In ten years &apos; time , 146 vessels have fallen .
This involves killed dead .
This also means that large parts of the seas can be polluted .
Of these 146 times - several Members have already mentioned - a third of them is due to damage limitation and one third @-@ thirds .
We do not need to go into more detail now .
We have done so before , especially the burden on double charges .
In the knowledge of knowledge , the captain must be able to draw up a link between the operators of the river basin operators and to draw up their observance and to monitor compliance with the substance that so quoted so 2000 .
However , we would like to make a comment on the Commission &apos; s comment , because anyone who is in some European ports in European ports is in the steel sector , in the steel sector and the steel industry .
It will not be possible to dispose of cargo residues in the port of terminals , also in the vessels that are causing damage to ships .
In my opinion , this report provides for a solution to which the whole issue of education has not yet been resolved , but it is not yet resolved .
It has not been mentioned , however , that part of the trip to the local and banking industry is .
It is not reported at all that a ship @-@ free or monetary company is created in a ship @-@ free ship .
In view of the fact that ships over 15 years ago , you are only aware of the discussion we have had to oil tankers and that we have seen that the age of oil is not always a reference to the age of the age , and I would like to draw the Commission &apos; s attention to the fact that the age of the age of waste is to be covered by a number of problems .
Finally , I would like to say that we agree with the way in which the other problems have been raised in the report , issues relating to ISO quality and , above all , Community law , in which some of the newly worded codes are now being incorporated .
Madam President , I would first of all like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for the work carried out in this directive .
This is a directive which , as the rapporteur pointed out , is intended to adopt the existing code of conduct in Community law , which lays down this code of conduct and harmonised procedural rules for safe statistics relating to the International Covenant ( NCTS ) , but which would not be legally binding in the field of Community law .
Having said this , I would like to say that we can accept most of the amendments proposed by the rapporteur and by the various groups proposed by the rapporteur , i.e. Amendments Nos 2 , 5 , 8 and 15 .
On principle , we accept Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 6 , 9 , 9 , 11 and 12 , but the conditions in which they will be included .
However , we cannot accept Amendments Nos 4 , 13 , 14 and 16 for reasons which I shall clarify on the Internet .
Firstly , because Amendment No 4 is to be provided with the competent authority in terms of local and consumer effectiveness .
We cannot accept this amendment if we take account of the principle of subsidiarity .
We should not interfere with the responsibilities of the Member States which need adequate room for manoeuvre in order to ensure that the competent authority and the task of dealing with the proper implementation of the directive and the representative of the Union and the representative of the monopolies is the best way forward .
We reject Amendment No 13 because it should be accompanied by the representatives of the Committee on Budgetary Control with regard to monitoring the provisions of the aforesaid triangle and the monitoring of the rules on the transfer of these aforesaid networks .
I would like to make it clear that , in particular , we will be able to ensure that the Commission &apos; s proposal is in particular complying with the transfer of competition code .
All ships , but all ships .
In particular , the intention is to ensure that the Structural Funds impact on new merchant vessels in the service of 1 July 2002 will be used in the service provided by 20 000 oil 000 and in the service provided by 1 January 1999 and in the service provided by 1 January 2000 .
Amendment No 14 , which is one aspect of the technical annexes , is contradictory in relation to criminal law , the establishment of rules and harmonised procedural rules for safe assessments of the ship and the restoration of the directive because it refers to the common responsibility of the vessel and the representative of the directive .
Finally , we cannot accept Amendment No 16 which calls for the introduction of qualifications which are not the international Convention on training , which would be the international Convention on training , the issuing of visas and the storage of detainees .
Finally , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the entire committee for their work .
This is another of the initiatives presented by the Commission in order to improve the conditions for improving the requirements for safety at sea , which are greatly restricted , even if it is difficult to prevent all shipping disasters , because it is difficult to prevent all shipping disasters .
As has been pointed out , it is precisely in the past ten years , as has been mentioned , in the past ten years , in the past ten years .
It is clear that we cannot accept this without having the means to guarantee the protection of flight crews .
We are not just talking about the problem of marine pollution , which , for example , happened in connection with Erika ; we talk about something which goes beyond the safety of flight fees and vessels which start our coasts .
In addition , ladies and gentlemen , we are once again in the fight against unfair competition , a question which sometimes does not meet the rules , sometimes in terms of ships which are going to be monitored and monitored by the way in which they are assessed and to be inspected .
I believe that we have listened to the Community sector in all these measures and we can say that the year 2000 has been in a proportion of the maritime safety sector in a certain way the year 2000 .
We recently heard measures concerning compensation in the field of ports , and I assume that the Commission will be giving the green light to the vote tomorrow .
This year , in 2001 , we will continue to continue our work on the sea , and to give them the necessary impetus to give the highest momentum to the extent to which part of the Wadden market is , and fully , a component of intermodal transport and full intermodal transport .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Safety in maritime transport and the prevention of pollution by ships
Mr President , the problems of maritime transport and the protection of the marine environment from ships have been increasingly topical by ships .
We have seen a number of accidents with many of us , but also environmental disasters in recent times .
The European Union already has an instrument of relevant directives and regulations .
At the same time , however , the European Union must take account of the legislation adopted by international organisations in this short time , and in short time so that the Member States can fulfil their international obligations .
The need to rationalise the European Union &apos; s tasks in terms of the safety of sea transport is clearly the need to rationalise and centralisation .
The European Commission therefore tabled two proposals with the present proposal : a proposal for a regulation and a proposal for a directive .
The proposal for a regulation aims to replace the existing committees on issues relating to maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by means of a single committee with the name &quot; Committee on Security and Safety .
The other existing committees , similar tasks are being resolved .
With the establishment of this committee , the Member States must facilitate the implementation of the amendments to the international convention .
It should also be pointed out that the Committee on Regional Policy , Public Health and Consumer Policy , in accordance with the regulatory authority , is in accordance with the regulatory authority adopted by Council No 1999 / 468 / EC .
In this regulatory procedure , as you know , the powers of the European Parliament , as well as the Member States , are included and establishes them .
At the same time , the European Commission will opt for a procedure which puts the right to introduce the level of safety in maritime transport , even when an international change is increased in terms of legislation .
These provisions are automatically incorporated into effect , but the provisions of the Committee on Regional Safety , Human Rights , Common Health and Consumer Policy , will only refer to the adoption of the safety of the International Convention in the European Union &apos; s safety legislation in the European Union .
This is the purpose of Article 4 of the proposal for a regulation .
The proposal for a directive is now aimed at reference to the &quot; Committee on maritime safety &quot; in the directives .
The European Commission &apos; s proposal is to be welcomed because it is an attempt to rationalise and improve Community supervision of the Community and international law in matters of maritime safety and the prevention of pollution .
A few amendments are intended to clarify the text and thus guarantee the rights of the European Parliament to participate in the regulatory procedure .
Finally , I would like to thank the members of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for their extremely constructive recommendations and for the unanimous approval of my draft report .
Mr President , this evening &apos; s speeches show the importance we attach to the fight against fraud &apos; and I believe that we must continue to continue our efforts with good reason .
For the rest , I have expressed my regret about the work of the French Presidency on maritime safety issues .
I had expected a great deal from this presidency because he was extremely concerned , but I was deeply disappointed .
I therefore hope that , because of what we are doing in Parliament together with the European Commission , we will not slacken in our vigilance in order to incorporate the Commissioner &apos; s wording and ensure that safety in maritime transport is increased .
Because , in the field of safety at sea , Europe is very backward in relation to the United States , which has already had stringent rules so far .
This is not the case , it is not the case that the American waters of the American waters will be able to pollute our coasts , and without an effective Parliament &apos; s being able to increase the risk of further ships before our coasts .
That is , unfortunately , a month &apos; s month .
I therefore hope that we will shortly be able to adopt a genuine text in which all the measures needed to protect our environment are essential .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report , Mr Bakopoulos , proposes a very good report on the creation of a Committee on maritime safety , which is a step in the right direction .
This is the first stage in reform of the various instruments , which will allow the five existing committees to be able to respond quickly to the level of safety in maritime transport by a single Committee on maritime safety .
I would like to thank the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , for the amendments I tabled .
Road safety is already a number of different areas , and I thought it is particularly important that the committee &apos; s name for the prevention of pollution caused by ships is concerned .
The protection against &apos; underground &apos; also includes concern for the protection of the marine environment and the quality of life and working conditions on the vessel .
I therefore hope that the European Parliament will follow this recommendation and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism in the Committee on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by ships in these two other areas .
As soon as possible , I hope , at any rate , to amend the rules in the event of disasters in the event of disasters , so that the polluter @-@ pays principle can be applied specifically .
We must monitor the classification societies more closely in order to improve the quality of the checks carried out by them , and we must also ensure that inspection offices are taken responsible for the liability of the insurance company , which often often have a difficult legal and financial impact on criminal prosecution .
We are great hope , Commissioner , in order to avoid vigilance .
Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to take this opportunity , Commissioner , and your team , Commissioner , and your team for a very constructive and dynamic cooperation .
After all , there is a good example of the last few days .
The final desperation of ports from ports in the European Union in the context of the trans @-@ European networks has been devastated in the light of the so @-@ called small and medium @-@ sized ports , especially in the light of a European scale , which is robbing in the vanguard .
The solution which has been adopted by the conciliation is acceptable , but I would like to ask , at least , to give a good will to table a good will , because the boundaries are actually arbitrary .
The small and medium @-@ sized ports will thank you .
There has been no mistake at all : the Commission and Parliament have no toilets .
This is the day that we are discussing proposals to increase safety at sea .
In view of the situation in the seas , we must not allow ourselves to deliver free prices .
The accident on the Åland Islands is only the last link in the chain of disasters and human dignity .
Public opinion is watchword and regularly perceptive .
We need to make it clear to the most concerned that the problems in Europe are late , but we have been working right now for years .
Europe is making a contribution to safety at sea and the prevention of pollution .
This has to send our clear signal to the IMO and the world today and in future .
The Commission is almost in record in record time .
Last November , the Erika package was adopted .
The Council has reached an agreement at the end of December . The directive can enter into force in 2002 .
The Erika II is standing at the door and I am pleased that the second package will bring real progress to safety at sea .
However , this is also the opportunity to make it clear that there will be an enormous amount of work on the ground , i.e. from the inspectors of the classification societies and the most important work .
This was a last week , together with our fellow Members of the European Parliament , in the port of port .
The Auditors are facing great demands and expectations and we must give assistance to this .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report , Mr Bakopoulos , makes a valuable contribution for further progress in safety .
It is in favour of his convincing work that there was a unanimous vote in committee .
I expect the House to vote with similar conviction .
I am not just referring to me but I am in favour of a broad majority in the Committee on maritime safety for maritime safety .
I would also like expressly to support the second part of the Commission document , because what the committee believes if the present directives and regulations are not adapted to the new structure ?
We do not need jurisdiction . We need administrative clarity , not a dozen or a few committees , but a clear and dynamic structure , and I believe that we will have a clear and dynamic model in Europe , and that we have a good model in the world .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as the rapporteur points out , the document presented by the Commission deals with two Commission proposals : the first concerns the establishment of a single , so @-@ called Committee on maritime safety and the second directive on the amendment to the present directives .
The aim of all of this is , as has already been pointed out by the honourable Members , to facilitate existing international legal assets and the protection of existing international legal assets and the protection of the environment existing international legal assets and technical progress .
We from the Group of the Party of European Socialists support these proposals to simplify and welcome the proposal that the present five committees should replace the current five committees .
This committee will certainly contribute to the real and more important involvement of international law in Community law .
Consequently , we call for the two elements of the safety of maritime transport and the prevention of pollution to be included in the committee and the prevention of pollution .
I would like to end by commenting on another aspect of the discussion , namely the involvement of the European Parliament in these initiatives .
It is essential to guarantee the European Parliament &apos; s right to participate in the regulatory procedure .
We therefore call upon the Commission to ensure that Parliament is always able to monitor the work of the committees and , therefore , the actual new Committee on maritime safety .
That is why we call on the future Committee on maritime safety and the prevention of environmental pollution through transparency and the prevention of environmental pollution .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , I would like to thank the rapporteur for her successful report .
Safety is particularly important in maritime transport .
Our group supports the fundamental lines in the report .
The proposed regulation and the directive will make it easier to play international changes in maritime safety issues in terms of maritime safety .
The problem has been running up to date , which discovered that Community legislation has been too slow .
The draft objective is to overcome the problems mentioned .
The procedures must indeed be simplified .
The amalgamation of the inter @-@ regulatory committees to the Committee on maritime safety is a right measure to clarify matters more clearly .
Environmental safety standards are designed to meet the minimum requirements and the advantage contained in the regulation is to clarify the question of the law and to increase legal certainty .
In the future , we must ensure that , in particular , the way in which Member States are able to implement the agreements and Community law in matters of safety in the field of maritime safety .
However , we should ensure that the Member States &apos; ability to implement the Member States should be safeguarded .
In the future , the principle of the International Standard of the International Standard must be that the International Standard of the International Standard will be able to provide international work with regard to international agreements .
Mr President , Commissioner , in principle , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , , Mr Bakopoulos , on his report , which we fully agree with .
We are also pleased to congratulate the Commission on its proposal and warmly welcome the creation of this Committee on maritime transport , in which the application of 12 directives and three regulations will be an excellent one .
Commissioner , you have worked on behalf of heaven , the planet and the sea , and ultimately you will achieve it .
I naturally hope that you will succeed .
Our group will support you in this .
In my opinion , it is essential that the principle of copyright and principle should be extended to these directives , such as these directives and international conventions , as proposed by this committee for maritime safety .
We will give you a number of recommendations .
We believe that this committee should not only be a committee for maritime safety , which is a more or less good piece of work , but it must include the sensitivities of non @-@ governmental organisations , environmental organisations , environmental organisations and trade unions .
We therefore expect the committee to make special reference to these areas , and I would like to ask you two questions : how is the work of the work between the Committee on maritime safety and the European Agency for safety at sea which will shortly be coordinated ?
Will this committee also deal with the handling of the three legislative initiatives of the Erika II package ?
Mr President , the establishment of the &quot; Committee on Transport &quot; of the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , on the pretext of better use of legislation on the safety of vessels , the protection of the marine environment and the quality of life and working conditions , is clearly the contrary to the contradictory nature of the European Union &apos; s policy .
The European Commission &apos; s proposals contain rules governing the role of such international organisations such as the International Maritime Organisation and the International economy .
In fact they shatter the refusal of the Member States of the European Union to participate in the implementation or implementation of international conventions and resolutions , despite the fact that they were committed to the international law .
As a dream of the interests of European big business , the European Commission has developed itself against the transformation of international law , and it has also developed the lives of human beings and the environment of the monopolies .
We are not entirely opposed to the intention of these measures , but also against individual projects which are not effective and simply aimed at achieving a great deal of anxiety and , in a very serious way , damaging to the public , the trade union movement and trade union and organisations of the trade union .
What is more , the attempt of the European centre of the European centre to develop economic policy and the trade in trade , trade relations with other countries such as the United States , Japan and Australia , to create its preferences for maritime transport and to build its preferences for the International Atomic Aviation Organisation .
This goes beyond the strictest principles of discrimination on discrimination which are very effective and fundamental in maritime transport .
The main problem for the safety of ships and , in particular , is the cradle of the world &apos; s culture and policies which are encouraging at national , regional and international level .
This is not only the case , not only in terms of opening up this beyond @-@ limit .
An example of this is the situation in which vessels are directly affected by flags of convenience , which are directly responsible for environmental safety , which is the main responsibility for most and worst accidents .
In our opinion , the safety of ships , passengers , flight crews and environmental protection must be determined in the first place . In our opinion , we need to adopt tough measures against infringements of the legislation which , in the context of the IMO and the international conventions , are being trampled underfoot , and , above all , medicines and impunity .
This policy must be adapted to the composition of the crew in order to improve the requirements of the participants to improve the quality of living and working conditions and establish the right of flight and trade unions to establish questions for security .
Thank you , Mr Staes .
The President had the intention to welcome you before your first contribution in this plenary session and every luck as a Member of the European Parliament .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his comprehensive report .
As a Member of the European Parliament , I am particularly angry by the fact that the east coast of Ireland devoted to the east coast of Ireland is particularly angry .
The same has just been the case for two transportation of the Netherlands in the north @-@ east of England and Sellafield , which has been brought to the fore by British Nuclear Fuels in Cumbria in Cumbria years , and I have received information that , in the coming years , 17 further such transportation from the Netherlands should be carried out .
At the same time , the German Government has stated that it intends to reinstate the resumption of transportation of aircraft flying by 1 July 2005 and to continue this transport .
This means that the number of types of transport will increase .
Even though , in the past two years , there has been a considerable disregard of documents from BNFL in the past two years , with regard to Japan .
Having said this , the fact is that BNFL has been alone in favour of this crime by USD 60 million .
I am particularly pleased that the United Kingdom &apos; s international opposition to Japan is increasing ever more .
The most Ethiopian state of affairs is being used in order to institute a British ship with sugar , which was twice as much as those who were at the time in the Chernobyl disaster .
The Pacific tourist authorities , a ship of British Nuclear Fuels , should be quick to get straight away , since the captain estimate the captain in which 90 tonnes of toxic waste disposal are recycled in the bud .
I believe that the countries of the OSPAR Convention should now set up international links with other countries with regard to housing projects , including countries in South America and African coastal countries .
Within the European Union , the impact assessment of new roads , water and waste water facilities must be carried out in the European Union .
To date , the British Government is denying the implementation of an international environmental impact assessment on the most important risks to the environment and human health .
I would now call on the British Government to initiate a full and comprehensive environmental impact assessment , with which the ecological risks of the transport of material material in the Irish Sea are determined .
It should also be assessed by the European Commission .
I want to end by saying this - and this brings me to the end - that reprocessing is being stopped at Sellafield .
In the meantime , however , an international convention must be concluded which integrates safety standards for such transport .
I would like to commend my praise to the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for his report .
Mr President , Madam Vice @-@ President of the Commission , I am very much aware of the fact that I have given me the opportunity to express my opinion , because this report , at least , is not controversial and , at least , the exception of the exception is not controversial .
The Commission does intend to act in the international conventions , either in the form of a rejection of the new &quot; Committee on maritime safety &quot; , but , in fact , it does mean that the provisions are automatically incorporated into force .
In my opinion , it is better to improve the state of affairs today and creates legal certainty .
In this respect , I believe Mr Bakopoulos has not presented his amendments in order to refer to the importance and presence of Parliament , rather than that , with this very practical proposal and only a few amendments to the participation of Parliament in the regulatory procedure .
In my opinion , Commissioner , I do not think that there is a lot of support for the report by Mr Bakopoulos , who is , of course , finds our sensitivity to maritime safety .
We know that the three first reports of the so @-@ called Erika @-@ I @-@ I package on safety at sea , i.e. safety in maritime transport , the closure and the third proposal on copyright , as well as , as we know , have been carefully examined .
In short , we will deal with the the Erika II package with the three separate environmental issues .
In this respect , I believe that the Commission &apos; s initiatives in this respect should be made more rapid and more rapid and more rapid , and finally , at the end of the day , to make progress at international level which we are all hoping for and which we would like to see regional solutions .
Congratulations , Mr Bakopoulos .
It is equally sensible to take the right for the right to adopt legislation on the basis of supranational bodies and to adopt such Community law in order to increase the level of safety of the minimum level of safety .
It is clear that the two Commission proposals seek to facilitate the implementation of the agreement on the Member States of the Union and , therefore , to ensure that the policy in maritime transport is implemented more effectively , as a new committee .
The rapporteur with his excellent work and , on the other hand , we are putting forward certain amendments to the House in the spirit of the Commission &apos; s original intention , with which , in the spirit of the Commission &apos; s original intentions , the prevention of the marine environment by ships and the living conditions of the marine environment are clearly linked to environmental safety .
The report under discussion also provides for the European Parliament &apos; s role to be included in the proposal for a directive which is based on the role of the European Parliament .
In more general terms , the Commission will make an additional effort to promote more efficient water resources and implement policy in maritime transport and prevention of marine pollution .
In our opinion , the rapporteur &apos; s attitude and our lack of additional amendments with regard to supplementary and supplementary amendments which will hopefully be accepted by all Members of the House .
Mr President , Commissioner , the issue of safety in maritime transport and environmental protection has moved considerably over a year ago .
Despite the fact that the environmental disaster has been a disaster for European transport transport , it had many positive consequences .
The public debate which has been accompanied by the accident and the growing political pressure that the Commission proposes to increase control of EU legislation in relation to maritime transport .
The Commission has also managed to present a number of proposals to increase the safety of maritime transport in the short term .
As my colleagues have already done , I would like to thank you , Commissioner de Palacio , for your active contribution .
I would also like to thank you for the fact that you have supported the creation of a thematic network of short sea shipping as an important initiative from the Centre for Regional Policy , Transport and Cooperation .
Before the tanker tanker and especially the Union , the Union had very comprehensive rules on the safety of ships and the prevention of pollution by ships .
The fact is that it would probably never be the result of the Erika disaster , if all the current rules have been met and that it would have been monitored by checks .
The Commission &apos; s proposal , which is currently at the moment at the moment , is also welcome by replacing the existing committees on maritime safety .
At the same time , the responsibility will be given to the interim committee .
The new committee must also monitor the implementation of the legislation and take action in the IMO and the European Union in the IMO and other international organisations .
With regard to the amendment of the regulation , the Commission takes account of the right to determine whether or not an international change in the rules are negative on European safety .
I support the Commission &apos; s proposal on the proposed procedure .
However , as the rapporteur points out in his report , it is particularly important , as the rapporteur points out in his report , to take part in the regulatory procedure .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , on his excellent work and on the speed and effectiveness of this process .
I should also like to thank all the speakers and particularly Mrs Grossetête who has expressed the opinion of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , for their contributions and support .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to convey your congratulations to the Commission for its excellent work in the field of maritime transport throughout this year , which will undoubtedly enable me to welcome the services of the Directorate @-@ General for energy and Transport , which undoubtedly sought to meet the increasing demands of the citizens .
These demands have , of course , been raised earlier , but the Erika disaster has acted like a kind of lethal catalyst .
As rightly pointed out , this proposal on the one hand is the objective of replacing the committees responsible for maritime transport , which is therefore an attempt to simplify , clarify and coherence .
They should be replaced by one committee and , on the other hand , the updating of Community legislation in the field of maritime transport will be easier to facilitate the development of international agreements .
I should like to reiterate my appreciation for your work and your proposals , specifically for the amendments that the European Parliament has taken to remind us that the European Parliament has a crucial role in the framework of the telecommunications sector .
The Commission will be able to adapt all these amendments to the subject of the agreement between the institutions in their version of the draft agreement on comitology and include documents in the documents .
We would also like to thank Parliament for the fact that the only committee , which proposes that we are proposing not only to deal with maritime safety , but also with the prevention of pollution by ships , which will be reflected in the committee .
On the other hand , we can , although we are prepared to include the prevention of pollution by ships in the name of tobacco , not more generally in general .
This is simply the case that , for example , this protection of the marine environment can cause pollution which can cause pollution from river as stocks from river in the marine environment , which can cause pollution from river and which cannot be solved by maritime safety .
That is why we cannot accept this general definition , which would mean another type of responsibilities which the committee is not responsible for ; what we do , however , is the specific addition of the prevention of pollution caused by ships &apos; .
We accept Amendments Nos 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 and 10 .
Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 7 and 11 have to be made clear .
It is not acceptable for us to accept Amendments Nos 5 and 12 because of this aspect of protecting the marine environment in connection with other problems relating to maritime safety .
On the final note , I would like to say that , as Mrs Grossetête has said , we must not slacken in a sense of confusion .
We must continue to repeat the entire concentration of maritime transport , which , as I have emphasised , does not , in other words , have the number of vessels or the quantity of goods and the quality and ingredients of this flood with the comparable treatment of goods and the quality and ingredients of this flood .
Mr Fitzsimons , for example , has emphasised the problem of the transport of forests , and , of course , we have included the discussion of the Erika II package .
In particular , the directive on the copyright directive provides for the need to take account of the code of slaughter of radioactive material , that is to say the volume of radioactive material .
We also see - and I would like to reply to Mr Hatzidakis and Mr Hatzidakis - that if there is a global sector , we have a long time ago .
There has been a greater tradition of air transport , but maritime transport has been a larger tradition .
That is why we need to ensure that the International Monetary Fund is a maximum factor in our demands .
In this respect , the countries of the Union are acting as Mr Delors , as he himself sees the International Whaling Commission as a driving force when the transfer of transport systems and safety requirements and the safety of flight crews .
Mr Bautista Ojeda , I would like to reply to Mr Bautista Ojeda , that the Agency for maritime safety and the Committee on maritime safety has different competences .
The latter &apos; s task is strictly strictly applicable to Community legislation on maritime transport and is limited to the Commission &apos; s proposals to update the directives and regulations .
Consequently , the legislative function which has not led to a legislative function , while the agency , for its part , does not interfere with legislation , although it may be possible to make proposals .
It is a body of technical assistance for the Member States and the Commission , which is a body which is the Centre for implementing Community legislation , as a component of the dissemination of information and hence transparency for the whole sector .
But it has no legislative function .
This means that there are two different ways of thinking .
I believe that the inclusion of ports in the trans @-@ European networks , as one of you said in another speech , is a genuine key element in promoting integration or integration of all transport systems in the intermodal system .
I would like to conclude by thanking you for your contributions and for your work .
A few moments ago , Mrs Langenhagen said that the people in ports have a tremendous job .
Well , I believe that you , ladies and gentlemen , are also extremely hard working for the Commission &apos; s services recently in recent times .
Interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Council &apos; s common position on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system ( C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 ) - 1999 / 0252 ( COD ) - 1999 / 0252 ( COD ) .
Mr President , thank you , Mr President , for second reading of a report which is of great importance for the future of Europe and for the implementation of a Europe of railways .
The Commissioner &apos; s last months under the presidency of Commissioner de Palacio will undoubtedly prove decisive to the future of European transport .
Following the conciliation procedure with regard to the reports and the liberalisation of the networks , it has now been possible to bring about the liberalisation or liberalisation of the networks .
The lack of technical compatibility between different areas is , of course , being overcome , and it is , of course , not easy , but that is , of course , the networks of the networks with considerable national characteristics and in different types of development .
The aim of this draft directive is to ensure technical and technological interoperability in the cross @-@ border traffic between the fifteen different European networks .
The situation is very complex .
There are fifteen different types of electric tension , five to six to six different electrical gauges , different equipment , gauges , procedures , different systems of information systems of the different railway companies .
At the same time , however , the opening up of road transport has been simply delayed because current loopholes have been cleared up in the railways .
Now , in 1996 , a first directive was adopted which used to be simplified simply because it was a new network , i.e. the high @-@ speed rail system , and this is what we are doing today .
In this respect , it was decided that , in consultation with rail companies , the infrastructure and industry for each quarter of the railways , the infrastructure and industry have technical specifications for interoperability .
For each of these deadlines , there is a transposition of specification which will turn to the various components which are going to be exempt from the various components .
We have a huge amount of work before us , and we have chosen a long @-@ term approach for a long @-@ term approach .
As the work is being done so much time , it is important to make more rapid progress where it is possible to achieve difficulties and to obtain a cost @-@ benefit relationship .
Basically , the method is based on the following measures : details of the various measures with regard to interoperability and financing of costs and benefits to determine whether the specific measure is focused on or rather a later date .
Needless to say , it is important to make important progress in the information exchange process , the procedures for cross @-@ border transport , and the process of cross @-@ border transport , as a result of a convergence process , will be able to determine how the problems relating to equipment , testing and material can be resolved .
I believe , ladies and gentlemen , that I have worked on behalf of all the Members who worked in this report because we have done a considerable job at first reading .
46 amendments have been tabled and Parliament voted on it .
It was accepted from the 46 amendments and I commend the Council and the Commission &apos; s veterinary services to be approved in the form presented by the Commission , and you can say that it is a very comprehensive legislative process which will allow us to conclude or conclude the vote .
The Council and the Commission have indeed adopted a clear correction to Parliament &apos; s vote in favour of the vote with the users and staff , making a clear correction to the applicant countries and to make a clear correction to the derogations , because some countries have full rights with the full right of derogations .
The Council has also made a very important contribution to this issue , which concerns security and access to the future telecommunications network .
I personally welcome the fact that we have been able to draw up a document so quickly that the European Union &apos; s Europe has been able to move on to the day .
There are still two crucial questions to answer , Commissioner : the question of tariffs which is nowadays crucial is to transfer transport from road transport to rail , and the question of financing the infrastructure , for example , is the need to make rapid progress in this field .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , during the mini @-@ session a couple of weeks ago , we voted on the budgetary package and we agreed that this is a great success for Parliament and for the European Community in the European Community .
Tomorrow , we will vote on the Savary report on the Savary report on the Savary report on the Savary report .
The harmonisation of technical standards is the necessary and important condition to facilitate safe cross @-@ border rail railways .
At first reading , all the parties have a great deal of work and trouble in this very technical Commission proposal , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Savary .
The effort has been made by the Council to take up a few exceptions , all proposed amendments to Parliament .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats will take account of their positions in a large proportion of the amendments tabled by the Council , which is why we do not have any further amendments at second reading .
I had an amendment tabled by Parliament at first reading , but it was not accepted by the Council in the committee .
There were no three votes to be adopted on the adoption of the adoption .
It was to suggest that consents and execution will be carried out for carrying out independent external actions .
The background to this amendment is , , in addition , to the extent of a lack of economic interests in some Member States , in a number of serious instances , which may also be due to an inadequate environmental assessment .
These authorisations and outcomes have been carried out and will be carried out by some of the directives themselves and not on independent products .
In the committee debates , all sides of the Commission expressed great sympathy for this point .
The wordings which are now under Article 18 and Annex 7 have been worded in a way which we are going to take into account , but we cannot accept our concern today .
The Commission &apos; s pledge , the independent , customs and the maintenance of customs equipment in the customs field , deserves to be made as quickly as possible today and not to table any further amendment in plenary .
However , in future terms , we will be very careful to ensure that the Commission complies with the commitments made .
.
I would , of course , like to congratulate Mr Savary on his very good work , which is so good that we can already conclude them , not even at the very exciting conciliation procedure .
However , I am very pleased that we have been able to get through the railway package , which we have recently been able to decide with the rail package , which we have recently been able to decide , together with the Commissioner and myself .
Not only is a unanimous compromise but a very good package of a package !
Secondly , is the question : can we be able to marginalise ourselves ?
Are we going to deal with things in the field of railways ?
Mr Savary has already pointed out that there is still a lot to be open .
The Commissioner has already announced a number of areas relating to the issue of the opening up of rail transport and passenger transport and has already begun work on this subject , and I believe that this is a matter of great importance .
The big problem is competition between rail and road .
What we have now done and will be deciding tomorrow that we make Europe more competitive .
All those who talk about competition must also be said : competition means that the defence systems , the competition conditions , are different , and that is certainly not the case with rail and transport .
If we talk of the Swedish Presidency &apos; s sustainable development and the environment , if we are to talk about a proposal on the European Union &apos; s energy policy , we must also take more account of this energy policy , especially the railways , in particular .
I am not sure that the railways should be given priority , because it would mean that we would be able to compete in the same way as road transport by road .
These issues are clearly crucial in relation to enlargement .
If we see the situation in the candidate countries , the situation of railways is a bad thing , as well as , even more importantly , infrastructure , then we must do all we can to overcome these problems not only at European Union level but also at the level of candidate countries .
Because the best and monetary system in the western part of the Western part of this continent is nothing more than the best and monetary system in Eastern Europe , if we are not able to make better progress in Eastern and eastern Europe .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate Mr Savary on the excellent work he has done in this important , difficult issue , which he has done in this important , difficult issue .
This report on the liberalisation of railways is a breakthrough in the development of Europe &apos; s railways .
He has started the course of the Finnish Presidency in the course of the Finnish Presidency .
To improve the competitiveness of the railways is essential in order to reduce congestion congestion on motorways and airports .
The development of rail transport is also a step in the direction of transport modes of transport .
Improving the interoperability of the railway system is a necessary precondition to successful implementation of the entire warlords .
It was too long for too long , but Mr Savary has now managed to resolve this difficult environmental situation .
There is a great deal to be done , but the start is now being made .
Our Group supports Mr Savary &apos; s proposal to accept the Council common position in this form .
It has been taken into account by Parliament &apos; s most important amendments and , thus , the proposal can be promoted quickly .
At the same time , we must not forget that the interoperability of railway systems is a good one .
That is why it is important to draw up a timetable and devise a timetable which really is a priority for the networks .
I would also like to thank Mr Savary for being aware that he has recognised the special requirements of Finland .
The compromise reached on the use of Russian wagons in transport between Finland and Russia does not jeopardise the objectives set in the report , but also to ensure that the European Union is located on the eastern European Union .
I believe that the importance of this solution to the whole of the Union will be visible if we start to take advantage of the enormous natural resources in the north @-@ west of Russia .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Savary , we should do this without a debate , but a debate is a good one , so that all the facts have been made .
There has been a multi @-@ sided dialogue .
They demand a good dialogue with the social partners , with the social partners , but you have also acted as exemplary , with the result that a product is available with the result that a product is available to us .
In fact , we are talking about such a cautious style of affairs .
It was part of liberalisation , opening up international transport , we have talked about last time .
Two of the two concerns interoperability , which means that there is a difference between countries with different systems .
There are three still three .
I have been brief about this last time .
Just three - and this is not only the fault of the Commission , Commissioner Wallström , and we have already heard , Commissioner Wallström will work hard to work on the road standards and also energy consumption in the railway sector .
As everyone knows , the restrictions for lorries have been tightened up , and that means that the relative advantage is to be small for the railways , and that is also that we need to work on these emission standards as a others .
I would like to briefly address a few other small points , in a sense .
We now know that there are huge investments in this area .
More investments , they have already been mentioned in Recital 9 , which are both at the expense of the state and the industry .
The state and , at the same time , we are talking about a wider package of external costs .
There must still be a certain way of supporting this industry in order to maintain this industry in order to maintain this industry , but to support it .
This may seem tedious , but that is something we must keep in our debates on the White Paper well .
The second question I would like to ask is whether the Commission has been consulted with the social partners and the investigations which have been carried out for the implementation of interoperability , particularly as well as the qualifications needed in the railway sector .
I am not aware of the fact that this investigation has now been published , which is good for the future , and what it will mean for the future .
There must be a certain language .
What language will we speak ?
In the event of international law or aviation ?
Or is it also going to be English for rail transport ?
If that is the case , I now propose that we then talk about the fact that , in Parliament , we only talk about English .
This simplifies the whole communication .
Mr President , in the run @-@ up to 16 May last year , Mr Savary pointed out that the modernisation of the railways and internationalisation of the railway industry does not mean that there is only a preliminary outcome from the end of the last century .
This trend has led to a state of affairs which makes itself superfluous by liberalisation and privatisation .
The rapporteur has made it clear that there is no need for an attack on the continuing distribution of land or the potential @-@ ups for areas which are separate from the rest of Europe .
Much of what we were decided at then has now been taken by the Council .
I congratulate the rapporteur on that .
Unlike the proposals put forward by Mr Jarzembowski , my group agrees with the results .
I will not leave the technical details of the proposal now and I would like to ask for constant problems to be constantly identified .
As far as developments which are still the coherence of the European railway system , we have to face a traffic policy .
In the nineteenth century , the different track track and knowledge that the railways could work as a European whole .
At that time , it is not only the individual States who are not affected by the individual States , but also among other railway groups .
Within the European Union , the Pyrenees are also one of national national models which must be regulated .
In the 20th century it was possible to electrification with the security systems which once again exclude the railway network .
While the boundary of the border has had to happen , it has had to be our locomotive locomotive to heat our locomotive .
The threats of the twenty @-@ first century are created in a combination of technical development and competition .
In the past , it was so long ago that there was a great deal of money on the railways in Germany .
In the Netherlands , there is still no prospect of the Treaty of Amsterdam , although there is no prospect of any prospect at the Berlin stage , they have not had any prospect of negotiation and Hamburg to Berlin .
In many ways , this technology may also be an interesting one , in many ways , in the short term , in particular one of the other types of network .
The interests of individual companies who want to use their latest technology should not be the ideal factor in this .
Despite integrating Europe &apos; s disintegration , the disintegration of railways is progressing .
It is always possible for the International Oil Pollution Compensation Fund to be available .
Too often we have to buy the train in train , often outside the country of departure .
Not so long ago , it was possible to return to the Cologne Convention to Athens , from Paris to Lisbon or from Amsterdam to Copenhagen .
This is no longer possible .
Two months ago , the 2000 @-@ Berlin Stockholm Forum was made .
In addition to technical measures in order to bring this report into effect , it is vital that this fragmentation of rail transport should be abolished .
In the same way , it is no longer acceptable that trains should be used to travel for large distances on road transport and freight transport .
Mr President , the internal market is becoming increasingly a problem in the railway structures .
In the short term , the 15 Member States of the European Union have four distinct backgrounds and 15 different signalling systems .
In ten years &apos; time , the Union may probably be of 25 or 27 Member States , and probably even greater differences in systems .
It is not easy to eliminate this problem through the use of new and apparently modern solutions .
With regard to the opening of the longest , combined and multicultural Europe of Europe last summer , we should remember that the problem of the dangers of the dangers of the risk of the transport systems was solved .
The opposite is true , and Denmark has a completely different country , Sweden .
Unfortunately , this has been said that there is a left @-@ wing battle on Swedish railways .
There are various reasons for the serious differences between the European States in this area and all are historical .
It is a fact that the individual countries have lived up to their railways in various times , one thing has been acknowledged : it should never be possible to go through the foreign exchange strategy in the foreign policy .
In today &apos; s Europe , where we are now talking about four freedoms and where the free movement of goods , services , services , services , services and financial movements are guaranteed across the borders of Europe .
It is therefore necessary to use any kind of barriers to the removal of barriers .
We need to harmonise and take harmonisation in different areas , as you know .
The Commission &apos; s initiative towards gradual harmonisation of rail transport systems is therefore of great importance .
A first measure covers the trans @-@ European rail systems .
It is important that we keep our work on two occasions in our work .
First of all , this work is not going to be solved overnight and it will cause high costs , especially if we are gradually going to start by reducing the trans @-@ European networks .
In addition , we have to make sure that , in conjunction with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , we have to meet these alignment with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
Secondly , at least in the short term , there are at least a short solutions , without all the countries in the same railway system .
All trains who are already engaged in borders in Europe - thanks to the possibility of using new technology on fragmentation technology .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is an excellent example of how Parliament can work on such an important subject as the interoperability of the railway system in the European Union and to avoid a third reading of the conciliation procedure and a third reading .
I should therefore like to begin by congratulating Mr Savary on his approach in his view , which has been demonstrated by the fact that the European Parliament &apos; s intervention is to be able to demonstrate that more important provisions such as social provisions are to be achieved in order to achieve greater provisions such as social provisions and eastward enlargement .
This is a lesson to those who want to reduce the needs of our Parliament in favour of a rapid delay .
This directive , which we adopted at the last mini @-@ session in Brussels , will hopefully hopefully be able to do Europe with good intentions in Europe .
For a country such as Portugal , which is in the severely south @-@ west of Europe , the interoperability of rail transport is an important factor .
If it is to be done at the end of the day , we are always dependent on the other countries at the end of the process and to the start of railway transport .
To connect ports to the sea is a crucial step towards improving the flow of transport , reducing transport costs and a more coordinated orientation of European railway companies .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , although I am particularly pleased with the traffic in transport , I am pleased that we have achieved a good outcome , especially the outcome of the hard work of Mr Savary .
There is no doubt that the competitiveness of the railways must be improved , something which plays a particularly important role in the role of minorities .
Europe needs a long @-@ term railway policy which is based on a common goal .
Rail transport must stand a good , benefit and cost @-@ minded approach .
In that case , both industry and environmental organisations can reach agreement .
This miracle would also be possible .
In particular , improving the competitiveness of railways must be carried out by reducing the cost of rail transport , particularly by reducing costs in the railways sector .
Unfortunately , the taxpayer &apos; s railways cost a excessive amount of money , regardless of whether they use the train or not .
It is time that the poor powers of the state are to become a new efficient and fast business .
railway undertakings are still far from accommodating to the past , it is what is more weak and precarious .
In turn , passenger transport is a completely personal sector and its most important one .
The draft directive on topical and urgent subjects of major importance makes sense .
The harmonisation of technical standards will improve the competitiveness of rail markets without any negative effect on the position of others .
The inclusion of the priorities which must be undertaken through cost @-@ benefit analysis is also an important factor which can be implemented without investing the initial emergency measures at first sight .
If this directive is not to offer added value for its cooperation at EU level !
In this respect , I would like to remind you of an important aspect .
Finland has a common border with Russia over a thousand km .
Approximately 40 % of the transport of the transport networks of the railway industry will be negotiated with Russia .
Since Finland and Russia have a common , but other EU countries have been able to compete more closely in Finland , according to the newly modified standard .
In the case of Finland , Finland has been accused of being accused of accused .
However , the use of Russian wagons in the transport between our countries depends on the fact that , if we send our wagons to the border , we will be sending our wagons on the border .
For practical reasons , we need to use Russian wagons in the future .
The rapporteur also has every effort to draw attention to the matter and I would like to thank him for that .
Ladies and gentlemen , since the invention of the death generated by the invention , we have made huge progress in relation to rail transport .
Nonetheless , we are still far removed from our work .
At the end of the day , I am not so satisfied with the fact that I am still speaking on the 45 seconds I am left to speak .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , needless to say , I can only stress all important important things , but I can only say that .
So I congratulate my colleague , Gilles Savary , for his reporting and for his report on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system on the table .
This was also urgently necessary because interoperability is a prerequisite for the liberalisation and the basis for liberalisation in international freight transport , which we have combined with the railway sector together .
The difficulties in the conventional rail network are the result of high @-@ speed trains in Europe , and we are very much opposed to national systems , and only gradually , in new development and change , and , of course , can be combined with the other transport modes and , of course , competitive competition .
However , the pressure on the future of railways requires the future of the future .
The directive should therefore be implemented quickly .
This is also good to create a single market for the telecommunications market .
I hope that the planned bodies and procedures for setting up technical specifications will make rapid progress and concentrate first on the rapid alert process : firstly , protection , protection systems and distribution .
In addition to the technical specifications , the rapporteur and Parliament have tabled social provisions in the directive , in addition to the strategic assessment of the candidate countries in preparing the TSIs .
That is a good thing .
As far as safety aspects are concerned , I would have preferred an explanation of support for the independent third country , as long as we still have situations of war in some countries and , of course , in the interests of others .
In this context , I think that the reference to subsidiarity seems to me to be too brief .
I would like to congratulate Mrs Jeggle and I hope that this will be the case .
Mr President , I should like to begin by saying that the Commission has taken note of the fact that the European Parliament has made this report and this initiative priority .
In particular , the European Parliament adopted the common position adopted at the end of November on 10 November , and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism was able to discuss a first draft report on 4 December .
I would also like to express my satisfaction at the rapporteur , Mr Savary , and the whole committee , but especially Mr Savary , and I would like to thank the rapporteur .
It was possible to get through his negotiating skills and his way in this whole matter , which is quite difficult to make fast .
Finally , the entire railway package , which we have the green light during 2000 and the beginning 2001 , have the giving the green light , and no doubt with a number of Finnish values , because the Finnish Presidency played an important role .
This directive is a major technical function , which is a key element in the practical implementation and implementation of it , as I pointed out in the approval of the dam , namely opening up the international freight sector .
What we do about this last step of interoperability is the construction of a European railways .
This is a fact that it goes far beyond the need to open up a sector or to some specific technical conditions .
It is really a significant fact of the short history of European construction , it is building up a European railways .
As you know , the European Parliament is in a position to set up an agreement with the Council on this whole package , and it has set a deadline for the total opening of the year 2008 .
Both Mr Swoboda and Mr Jarzembowski , the rapporteur , have played a decisive role in this package .
These measures should not be effective if we are not at the same time as to use the use of more effective , as Mr Savary pointed out , namely the technical incompatibility system .
This is the case with this measure .
A number of important users and some operators who want to carry out profits and the possibility of the trans @-@ European rail network has made use of a large number of technical or technical obstacles , which are hindering the organisation of international freight .
In this context , this directive is even more important and will allow the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail systems to be overcome , so that some of these barriers are to be overcome in order to overcome some of these national markets .
In this respect , I would like to congratulate you again on the success of this directive at second reading .
It means guaranteeing a European dimension to create a competitive market for the benefit of profit and to prevent considerable costs from the industry &apos; s excessive fragmentation , which is often the result of the technological barriers which are often the result of agreements with their local operators in a competitive market .
The Commission will take a look at the end and soul of this directive and bear in mind that the ability of all the operators involved - operators , railway companies , railway companies and the industries involved , will be able to mobilise their experience in a creative way and avoid achieving effective economic solutions , which , unfortunately , occur in a creative manner and avoid the results of economic solutions which , unfortunately , occur in some cases .
Mr Bouwman has asked me a few questions which I would like to answer him .
In concrete terms , the consultations on the opinions of the various users and of the various elements are the operators of infrastructures , service providers , railway services and so on , and also the consumer services , and also for the adoption of the technical specifications on interoperability .
That is one of the aspects I would like to make .
With regard to the economic effect of interoperability , whether or not it makes sense to achieve a single system , the issue of a single system , which was also addressed by Mr Vatanen , is to say that a minimum @-@ benefit analysis has to be given to a cost @-@ benefit analysis of the necessary economic specification for the purposes of the economic environment .
As I have already said , we see rapprochement in two stages .
A number of measures have been implemented quickly , as the rapporteur , Mr Savary , has pointed out , in this respect , for example , such measures , for example , that the import of the driver should be a European driving licence , questions of information which are the most impoverished , questions which are the most topical .
However , there are other issues which are far more complicated to implement , such as harmonising the size of the tunnel , so that all the size systems are concerned .
This will take any longer .
With regard to the points raised by Mr Swoboda , I would like to ask you , as I have already stated , that we are seeking to propose open measures , as the directive on safety in the transport sector , and the issue of passenger transport , in order to propose bans in goods .
Clearly , the entire enlargement of the European Union is the whole enlargement of the European Union because the component of railways in the new countries is crucial for their development and for the possibility of balanced growth .
Thank you very much , Mr Savary , and the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
Thank you , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Stocks in the Irish Sea
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation to the Irish Sea with measures to develop the Irish Sea in the Irish Sea ( COM in the Irish Sea ( COM ( COM ( COM ) / 2000 ) .
Mr President , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the rapporteur is not present .
I would then like to say a few words on the text .
I am not in favour of this , but I am the coordinator of the PPE .
I think that this text - which is a text of my group - is at least a proposal for a resolution to us .
It is very brief .
I would then like to make the proposal that we are going to proceed so far as Members are present .
Since you are all agreed , I would like to read you the English text , which I read the English text on the subject of bird submarine contracts in the 80s .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats want to see surveillance of the Commission &apos; s monitoring programme on the Commission &apos; s monitoring programme to monitor the cost of dumping in the sea sector .
All the time @-@ consuming world leaders of the world &apos; s long @-@ standing energy system have to be used to spare more easily @-@ friendly oil @-@ related weapons .
As such , eco @-@ labelling is called for to be used in order to be able to be able to provide an official response to non @-@ inflationary and monetary breaks in port @-@ based water @-@ related networks in port @-@ based budgeting .
Mr President , I regret that Mr Nicholson himself cannot be here .
Having read this text , I would like to come to my own comments now .
Mr President , Commissioner , today we are debating the report by Mr Nicholson , which I would like to thank for his rapid and precise work .
He was working on time .
However , we still have no hesitation in the Council &apos; s urgency and are very pleased that we can pay more attention to this issue today .
Forest recovery and the situation have prevailed in the negotiations and the situation for a long time , as well as our continuing efforts and our continuing efforts .
We politicians must think of this , as well as all the players .
The prices for cod and also for other fish will rise , at the same time , but the fishermen will , at the same time , have problems to protect their lives and to feed their families in the long term .
An important and historic economy of our coastal regions is at risk more and more in danger .
The charges are not only covered by this limited area of which the report is based , but it has been extended to large parts of the North Sea .
Fish stocks have fallen dramatically in all areas .
It is positive to note that , under your leadership , Commissioner , the Commission has responded quickly and consistently , without waiting for regulations or contracts .
It is incumbent upon us to monitor and draw up the lessons for our future policy .
Of course , this catalogue of responsibility is , of course , also included in the Member States .
But again , why have it had to happen : why have it had to come so far ?
Why do we have no need for them to be counted ?
When will we achieve real sustainability in our fisheries policy ?
The omens are not just since yesterday to storms and not just in the Irish Sea since yesterday .
Given the interests of consumers , fishermen and fish stocks , this is the time for the moment .
Are we giving the fishermen the local fishermen the opportunity , despite all the efforts made by the Commission , to make proposals on the marketing and marketing system ?
At all levels , work at all levels , so as to allow latest scientific results to be incorporated in our policy ?
If we are not at long last , we will be killing the next crisis .
What is now happening is a deeply distressing carcinogen .
We must finally act and act .
When can we learn that ?
How many sectors of industry have to be built in the light of the BSE chaos - and I would remind you about the BSE chaos ?
We need to be more ambitious and more generally , in general terms , with a view to pushing the wind back and , in more general terms , the wind has led to the winds , but not by words but by deeds .
The present proposal is heading in the right direction .
I particularly welcome the flexible ways of setting up the structure of the insurance system and the proactive use of derogations .
This is a way of stating that the interests of fishermen will be taken into account , but it is possible to retain other fisheries areas , but rather , under pressure , it will be allowed to continue .
But at the same time , I stress this : this is only a step in the right direction .
In other waters , the problems are normally stored in other waters , although it is perhaps not so clear that the Irish Sea should be given a strong signal .
All too .
I urge the Council and the Commission to develop further measures in the context of the fisheries policy , so that we really do not really have our job .
Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur in his absence , in his absence and Mrs Langenhagen .
Mrs Langenhagen has just reminded us of the history of cod in the Irish Sea .
The Irish Sea is used as Mrs Langenhagen said , for all of us , for us all to see how a result of an accident can be done by municipal dumping .
The amount of material cod has halved in only six years .
In 1993 , 11 000 tonnes of cod were landed in 1993 , in 1999 only 5 500 tonnes .
If the fishing of cod in the Irish Sea is to be possible in the future , the regulation on 2001 is necessary if it is too tangible .
It is also exemplary for other regions .
There has been a similar situation in the North Sea .
As a result , the total volume of global electricity has been halved and a new negotiating programme for cod has been introduced .
Since the beginning of the Wadden Sea , great pancakes of the North Sea will be protected .
Another result of the budget for the coming months is that there is a further cause for concern in the rest of regions , which was not a ban .
For example , the fishermen in the North Sea , partly in the Irish Sea , will have adverse effects on cod stocks in the North Sea - partly in the Irish Sea - the growing effects on cod stocks and southern regions .
According to the fisheries sector in these waters , people fear that these measures will damage them and lead to a loss of their own stocks .
These fears are still being hindered by the fact that last week &apos; s sitting was marked by the opening up of the world &apos; s economy , a huge increase in commercial borders , otherwise , otherwise , the ruined of the prohibited species .
In order to ensure that the safeguards are introduced , we must reflect on the negative effects on the other road .
It is quite ironic that we are going to jeopardise the defence of fish farming in a region of fish in a region .
To conclude , the reform of the common fisheries policy and the adoption of the Green Paper in March for conservation and fishing .
We must find the right balance between sustainability and a successful industry .
In my opinion , the reform of the common fisheries policy is a chance .
We must make sure that we adopt proper reforms .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , although he is not present .
Mr President , in his report on fishing in the Irish Sea Mr Nicholson , Mr Nicholson , it is Mr Nicholson that this region will be given the dubious honour of using emergency measures to protect the environment .
Such measures are also covered by the North Sea in the North Sea , and it is important to protect the time when the end of April to be protected from the end of April .
Why , after so many years , will we have a common fisheries policy whose objective is to use the management of the Irish Sea and the North Sea to emergency measures in the Irish Sea ?
We need to accept the need for this short @-@ term measures , but we should also learn from the mistakes of the past and to draw up reasonable long @-@ term proposals for the management of fish stock .
In technical measures such as Scotland , such as Scotland , such as Scotland , we must be reconstructed to improve and extended all the broader debt projects .
Action must be taken to prevent the environment from being transferred to the effect that it is detrimental to other regions and stocks .
The impact of the environmental situation must be investigated carefully , as far as the direct withdrawal of telephone companies is concerned and their effects on the entire food chain in the sea .
In the coming years , there will be a clear reduction in fisheries activities , and this means that many families and communities in our cattle industries - both in fish stocks and in the processing cost - are considerable victims of receiving aid or revenue .
As in certain regions , the economic and social consequences of the agreement with Morocco do not lead to the economic and social consequences which have been made in the long term in the long term for the growth of the telecommunications market in the long term .
This gives us cause to consider similar financial considerations for these regions .
The revision of the CFP is a challenge but also a chance .
I hope that the solution we have proposed will work .
This is the best way to achieve all those affected by fishermen , fishermen , scientists , scientists and staff from certain regions such as the North Sea , which will be fully and reasonable in the new fisheries policy , and we can draw up joint proposals on the needs of these regions .
Mr President , the distribution rate is most of the seas .
People cannot live there , but we are always taking advantage of the sea more closely .
Not only is it possible to gain rubbish from one continent to another , but also in order to produce oil , other minerals .
mercury , lead @-@ lead and radioactive waste uses the breeding animal and the fish in favour of human consumption .
Traffic transport , interconnection platforms and other forms of water , which previously had the fruits of the fish , have changed fundamentally by government intervention .
The sea was a long time ago as a source of transport .
It is becoming increasingly high @-@ scale fishing vessels and an ever @-@ friendly technology which will deprive the sea of all its stocks .
This is happening in Europe in the face of the seas , but increasingly , however , is even more expensive by European ships .
I have contacted the Treaties before that the European Union has closed with countries in the Third World , so that the sea is empty empty fish .
In the short term , there is a solution to the European Union &apos; s food requirements and , in the long run , we are still doing something , but it does not benefit from anything else and does not benefit from anyone .
The need for fish levels levels rise , while the stocks of over @-@ exploitation and pollution are getting worse .
There are many fishermen who believe that the sea is destroying artificial stocks .
Last week , I heard an fishermen in a interview in a interview that fish would always have the same effect , and that is also the Bible .
Such statements , which have been quite correct , should always be made possible in the future .
That is why it is good that time and areas are set up where the river is intended to grow , i.e. when and where they can no longer be fished .
For the same reasons , quotas must be limited .
The rapporteur says that the spread of cod into the east of Ireland and Northern Ireland has fallen dramatically over the last ten years .
The amount which has now been set up is not even a fifth one at the beginning of the 1990s .
We have seen real catches , which are lower than the permitted ones .
So little resources are available in the sea .
However , the rapporteur wishes to pick up the interim situation in which quotas are less limited to six weeks , between 22 February and 30 April , and he criticised the huge expansion of the fishery sector in the world economy .
fishermen are protesting if it is to gain the impression that State measures are less harmful to their country , while their colleagues from other countries can continue to fish empty fish .
There will then be pressure on taking measures to withdraw and allow more exemptions .
In this way , attention is paid to the need to reduce quotas .
Because of the short @-@ term disadvantages , any restriction of protest and opposition is mentioned .
However , it is better to share more areas for long time than the fish in fish are completely competitive .
This is what we will soon be discussing with regard to the North Sea .
Mr President , the continuity of cod is serious in various European waters .
The Commission rightly proposes measures to protect these fish from these fish .
However , precisely as the previous disaster planned by the Commission for the North Sea is concerned , the Commission has also gone back to the Irish Sea .
The Commission &apos; s action is , above all , based on political viability and leaves the necessary scientific foundations .
In the case of the North Sea charges for the North Sea , a initiative was taken for an initiative which applies mainly to the Dutch fishing fleet .
It is true that the Dutch fleet is going to be able to implement the Dutch fleet , namely the other Member States and fleets .
This is why the rejection of the Netherlands and the proposed alternatives are not the same .
What is more , the environmental impact of monetary policy is not sufficiently inadequate , not in the North Sea and not in the Irish Sea .
In fact , fisheries will be built on the open areas which may be recycled and there are new cod figures .
If fishing is being transferred in areas where there is a large number of noisy fish in areas where there is a large number of juveniles , the measure is being put in place .
Moreover , the North Sea is not the case for the North Sea , which is precisely the targeted fisheries sector with regard to cod tankers which are mostly fished within the textile company and in the dockyards .
Environmental fisheries in the open areas will also suffer the stocks of other species and transit industries .
The programme which is proposed by the Dutch Secretary of State for fisheries talks offers a far greater impact on cod .
This plan , which says that all the fleets on cod emissions are expected to be closed on a large number of weeks , the cod is still being destroyed for cod .
And at least as important : this plan will be supported both by the processing and fishing industry .
However , the Commission believes that it is politically not enforceable .
The fact is that you will be able to achieve the cod as soon as possible , that we will soon be in a European water .
Unfortunately , Mr Nicholson , in his report , the Commission &apos; s attitude is unfortunately the most liberal attitude of the Commission .
It is , of course , a great deal of the hit for fishing , but it is still far greater if there is no longer any cod .
The Commission must consider how it can financial organisations , without doubt , to give victims the victims the victims the utmost appeal .
In order to ensure the future , the Dutch fishermen are prepared to do the same and I am convinced that the same thing will show the same determination .
The Commission is now missing .
Mr President , I would first of all like to apologise to you , your predecessor , your predecessor and the House .
My problems began at this early early stage when my flight from Belfast to London was removed .
I would like to thank British International International International International International and the good work of their staff , but I am still very late .
I am not calling for the House to escape and I apologise for this .
I have listened with a great deal of interest to Mr van den Berg who has responded to the Commission &apos; s technical approach and on how well the Dutch fishermen have responded .
Mr van Dam should be reading my report , because I did not mention the Commission or the fishermen .
This problem is not easy to solve , but it is very serious .
The fishermen in my region had a year about the same problem .
You have to live with the diamond areas .
I would like to tell Mr van Dam and the Scottish fishermen , who are currently affected by an oil sector , and I would like to say that the fishermen from my region were not only packed with a car , but also a very positive visit .
You have cooperated with the Commission with regard to technical measures and have taken them very seriously .
The limitation of its fishing grounds for such a long period is easy for no fishermen .
It is all the more difficult if we do not have any aid in the industry to provide the way in which it has been possible .
That is the point I would like to make .
When I am talking about the fact that the Commission is going to present specific proposals - whether or not - &quot; the Commission &quot; should explain its ideas . &quot;
However , the problem is that national authorities will not make serious proposals to support the fishermen in the region , and not the British authorities .
It makes no difference if it is a Conservative government or a Labour government .
Neither one or another would have any real help to fishermen .
I have tabled an amendment to my report and I would ask the Commission to take it into consideration .
The aim is to allow fishermen to continue the fishing capacity , as they have already agreed for the first phase of the closed Sea .
If the discards were excessive during this closed closed , the fishermen will be able to accept that .
It is quite right that the Commission would not approve the amendment .
This is regrettable because the fishermen are working excellent with the Commission and are such an exemplary model for the other regions of the European Union .
As Mr Van Dam has said , there is a big problem , and there are deep fears and we must ensure that the fishermen have a future .
I hope that the Commission will take account of the very positive aspect which I tabled with my amendment .
Mr President , the Nicholson report clearly shows how serious it is to fish stocks in the waters of Britain and Ireland .
The fact that the Commission considers that it is necessary to take emergency measures in four different regions in order to save fish stocks , but it is clearly the result of the common fisheries policy .
From today &apos; s 4 February 2001 , next February will be banned from the North Sea for a 12 @-@ year week to the North Sea .
In addition , as we have heard - as we have heard - as we have heard - from Scotland and the Irish Sea , as we have heard last December , the total reduction in the total allowable catch and quota quotas , as was announced by the Council last December .
The common fisheries policy has been the present one for 18 years .
The taxation and quota system has led to large quantities of fish being thrown back in the sea .
Around two million fish every year , 25 % of the total volume of fish in the EU is expensive .
The system of sub @-@ evaluation programmes has also failed to do so .
The Member States who are trying to comply with these rules will be punished , while other Member States completely ignore them .
In this way , the CFP has not its basic objective .
She has neither managed nor managed to manage the future of fishermen .
The recent round of cuts and emergency measures will have several hundreds of industry .
On the basis of the measures to be taken in the Irish Sea last year , the Irish negotiators have had to pay a devastating wind over 42 % during the closed Sea .
Regardless of this terrible crisis , and the fact that too many fishermen have to live in the North Sea and the Irish Sea , this House has voted in January by an overwhelming majority in January of an overwhelming majority in order to grant fair access to the North Sea and in the north @-@ west of our coasts in order to grant fair access to the North Sea and rural speeds .
Many fishermen in the UK and Ireland are being regarded as the last lifeline .
65 % of the EU fishing budget is affected by the British islands , the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Why should we allow us to keep our fish off and allow our fishermen to come back to poverty ?
Last month , Parliament acted in the vote on the reports in the last month .
This could be a drop in the drop in the drop in the drop in the situation and the Great Britain may well be withdrawing itself from the common fisheries policy .
Mr President , the question of the stocks of the various species and actions on their road management is always highly controversial .
The Socialist Group supports the conclusions of our fellow Member , Mr Nicholson , in his report on the Commission proposal on the monitoring of the Irish Sea .
We know very well that fishing over the period during the period the following year is to be paid and that it is very costly for the telecommunications market to be paid very costly and that it is very costly to do so .
But we also know that the collection of a cattle vessel in port for a long period is a loss of jobs and creates many difficulties for the future of this fleet .
I therefore agree with Mr Nicholson that this is an issue which requires a high level of balance and balance .
The sector often complains - and rightly - that it will be ignored when it comes to adopting proposals by the Commission which are almost purely based on scientific opinions , in which the experience and everyday life of fishermen will not be taken into account .
I ask the Commission to link the work of scientists with this daily , everyday situation and to take account of the socio @-@ economic situation of the fisheries situation in the fields of their proposals .
All of this is with great transparency and clarity with the sector which is the reasons for certain measures .
I do not believe that the common fisheries policy is a failure .
In this respect , I do not agree with the previous speaker .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Nicholson for his report and for the speed of work which it has carried out .
I appreciate the very open and honest nature of this issue .
He has contacted the fishermen to the Irish Sea and said that the European Commission wants to do so or to do so .
He has seen the problem in his native country , as he has done here too , and there is a problem .
Our fellow member has quoted the Bible a moment ago .
The Bible says that there will always be fish in the sea .
Well , I would like to say what we are talking about in a rather more modern document on cod .
I quote the author from his book &apos; cod &apos; . The fish which are changing the world &apos; .
It says that in New York in New York there is a non @-@ proliferation network of e @-@ commerce and navigation , as it is known that there is no further clarification , that he had no further thought and someone who has had no hesitation in the flood of a small environment .
The final conclusion was that mankind could never stamp this sort of thing .
We have both the Bible and the flood of the 19th century .
Mr Stevenson is to be able to remind you of the fact that we have been able to remind you of the cleaning @-@ up of the coast , and then I was actively active in political terms .
The British - and I say this with respect to all the Member States of the Union - to protect their fishermen in the textile sector , to protect their fishermen if they are fishing in fishing programmes .
It is good that Great Britain &apos; s opinion in favour of the law of the law has changed to be able to cope with their own resources , which I have always respected .
In particular , the respect for Mr Zavvos , who is a good representative of his people and with full enthusiasm , cannot accept the fact that the common fisheries policy should have failed .
I suspect that British fishermen are wrong , because when we look at the figures , the British fishing industry has given its natural contribution to European fish .
The only person who is wrong is the Irish fishermen who are being deprived of their natural share and who never allowed the sea to live .
In the sixteenth century , the British Government has been waging a war with the most people who asked his victims to be victims of their victims , given that they were murdered outside the American coast .
That is a old history .
But beware of the European fishermen &apos; s fishermen , the fault of the European Commission .
It tries to solve a difficult problem .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to make it clear that , in the next Strasbourg week , we will have the opportunity to discuss the Green Paper on the reform of the fisheries policy .
I should therefore just like to say something about the forthcoming report here today .
I think there is no doubt that , and it is certainly not wrong , we are in the Irish Sea with cod stocks which are experiencing historical proportions .
It is no doubt that if we want to protect consumer protection , there is only one thing we need to have to protect the stocks during the desert .
That is why it is very important that we get to close the right time before the start of the film industry , even if it is very painful , and even if that is true for fishermen .
It is urgent that the time comes for the beginning of this month .
I know that all the parties involved , and I would particularly like to thank the Committee on Fisheries and the rapporteur , have worked very hard to ensure that we get this objective .
You will vote on the report tomorrow , and so many time now , we will be able to table a decision in the Council and before 15 February .
The Commission agrees with this report , and I should like once again to thank the Commission for its support .
I now turn to the amendment tabled .
I am sorry to reject that amendment .
Why ?
In the last half of the world , we have carried out a series of milestones in the second half of the world .
These attempts clearly demonstrate that the risk for cod is enormously significant during this period , and that is a great deal of cod .
However , we are prepared to allow the Commission to intervene during the first half of the draft regulation , under the conditions which Mr Nicholson referred to , namely that there is a specific observation system under Article 3 , under the conditions that are going to be put in place immediately , provided that the operations will be stopped immediately .
We also know that this second condition , which I referred to , but in the case of the Monitoring Centre , will be able to do so next year , in the event of another year , whether or not this exception can be carried out next year &apos; s first part of the year 2000 .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Fischler .
They have brought us together .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( The sitting was closed at 8.30 p.m. )
Madam President , I would like to use the presence of the President of the Commission to address him in a serious matter .
The French European European Economic Area , in France every year , on 9 May , is a major day , Europe Day which we want to raise this year under the motto of the euro .
In September , this movement has been trying to give you financial support without being organised by the day .
However , we have not received assurances about the payment of the Commission &apos; s contributions .
If we do not receive any promises until the end of the week , the French European European European European Association should not be able to do so .
I think it would be extremely detrimental to our common business , which we use .
Mr Prodi , I would like to tell you that Mrs Berès , you would like to tell you , or later , in your speech ?
Mrs Berès , I am not familiar with the details of the question you have raised , but I will give you an answer and give you an answer .
Thank you very much , Mr President of the Commission .
Vote on the topical and urgent motion
The Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs has adopted the application of the procedure without report to this effect .
I therefore give the floor to Mr Watson , so that he can explain the position of this committee to which he says .
Watson ( ELDR ) , chairman of the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
Madam President , the committee , the committee , has the honour to recognise the importance of this proposal and the urgency of its adoption of the Union &apos; s Nordic membership of the Union for a wide @-@ ranging integrate on 25 March 2001 .
However , it would have been preferable if the Council had informed us of this matter earlier and not to have been maintained until the last time .
Nevertheless , in the circumstances we believe that the vote should not be wound up , and this is why we are proposing a procedure without debating the proposal for a resolution , which is why we propose to present the proposal in this session .
As no one wishes to speak against the topical and urgent motion .
( Parliament agreed to urgent procedure )
EU programme for 2001
The next item is the joint debate on the presentation of the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 by its President and the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 ) by its President and on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , on the follow @-@ up to the Nice European Council .
Mr Prodi , the President of the Commission , has the floor .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , there is no doubt that this is a general debate on the European Union &apos; s situation .
I hope that this debate will also mark a step forward in your Parliament at the successful stages that we have enjoyed in 2001 .
There are , of course , many events and priorities which I would like to pick up on , but the most important thing is that we are already trying to say - and I am tempted to say - &quot; - I am tempted to say - and I am tempted to say - &quot; - I am tempted to say &quot; - the way in which the future of Europe leads .
The Commission has always asked the Commission to be judged on its actions .
It is therefore extremely important for me to see cooperation between the Commission and Parliament and the fruitful working relations working relations between the Commission and the Member States in the Council .
So let us use this fascinating debate to discuss openly and openly about our achievements and our problems and to discuss how specific measures are to be taken in order to meet the real concerns of the European citizens .
The tradition is that the President of the Commission will take this opportunity to make a detailed overview of the measures undertaken in each area of policy , but no one in this House , but I would like to speak in this House today and to confine myself to the issue of the future of Europe and to the future of the future of Europe .
However , I would like to start by commenting on the last twelve months .
On a year ago , I have informed your House that the Commission has four strategic objectives : firstly , the promotion of new European governance ; secondly , the creation of new European governance ; thirdly , a new economic and social policy and , finally , the quality of quality of life for everyone .
With regard to the implementation of the objective of quality of life in Europe , we have published a White Paper on the requirements and basic principles in the field of communication .
We also proposed setting up a European food authority this year .
In addition , we have proposed the creation of a European Air Safety Agency and we have new legislation on maritime safety legislation .
With regard to a new economic and social agenda for Europe , we have presented ambitious proposals at the Lisbon European Council .
In this way , the EU has now a strategy for an overall strategy in which the world &apos; s economic and dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy will be able to be able to be able to achieve this .
The key to the stabilisation of our continent is in our strategy for enlargement of the European Union .
For example , the Commission has been actively cooperating with the candidate countries last year and a public debate on a genuine immigration policy for the EU .
Finally , in order to promote new European governance , we have immediately included the work on our White Paper which will be published next summer .
The Commission has , in principle , met its main commitments last year and are trying to make clear and simple solutions .
I would like to tell this House today how proud I am to the Commission &apos; s staff in relation to the year 2000 with radical internal reforms .
My Group is well aware of the great demands we have made to our staff , not only on a larger workload but to adapt to the standard working methods but to adapt to the changed working methods .
Even if internal reform is not a political end , it is one of the priorities of the Commission for 2001 .
After all , any organisation must adapt new circumstances .
That is what we are trying to do .
However , it is necessary for changes to be made , but so little can be done in the way of administration .
I am therefore determined that the internal reform is respected , with all our commitments , after consultation and , in a climate of transparency , a climate of transparency .
The Commission &apos; s political proposals for 2001 have been outlined in the work programme which it adopted and sent to Parliament immediately .
The key elements of the programme are too important .
All these priorities are not a matter of chance .
It is the Commission &apos; s constant reaction to the fact that our actions take account of the specific needs of the European citizens and to take account of their concerns .
This is also the objective and the purpose of the debate on the future of the Union , which I shall be discussing .
However , allow me to explain the most important measures of the Commission for the year 2001 .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in our entire work since the Lisbon Summit and preparing for Stockholm , we are constantly pursuing a goal : our children , a Europe which gives us modern employment , fair and fair Europe , and an active role in the lives of their Community .
At the Lisbon Summit , the Commission has been working on a strategy for achieving this objective .
The European Council will look into the progress made next month in Stockholm in Stockholm on the part of the Commission &apos; s report - the areas in which we have made great progress , but also those where there has been delays .
One of the key objectives of our strategy is to restore the conditions needed for full employment .
We have already heard some encouraging successes : in the last year , 2.5 million jobs have been created which have been paid by more than two thirds of women .
This is a considerable figure , but a considerable number of years to solve the problem of unemployment must continue to do so .
However , as we in our report , however , in our report , it has been far too slow to develop developments in certain areas .
The leaders in Europe need more political determination and they must be aware of the significance of Lisbon &apos; s commitments , for example , in terms of the Community patent , the programme and liberalisation of energy sources : these programmes are vital for our future .
Moreover , we still have no coherent strategy for lifelong learning .
That is why we need new help to strengthen our efforts in some key key areas .
In our report in the Stockholm report , we have identified ten of these areas , including a few - to mention the micro @-@ development sectors , the integrated financial markets , the new role and mobility of the new European markets .
In Stockholm I will ask the Heads of State and Government to take the opportunity to take this opportunity to pursue the path of reforms already agreed in Lisbon .
In order to give you an idea of our report , I would like to stress three points that have been put in place : firstly , there should be barriers to barriers which will lead to the mobility of workers or mobility .
This requires more efficient tax systems , more investments in education and lifelong learning and specific measures in order to catch up .
Measures must also be taken to ensure mutual recognition of professional qualifications and the transferability of pension rights between different areas and states .
Secondly , we need to speed up economic reform .
Although the services already set up three quarters of our water law , there is still no complete internal market for services .
Thirdly , Europe must be a concept of innovation if we want to create a European research area .
I certainly do not have to explain this to you .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , we must create a delicate balance between our political actions so that all the resources for Europe are resources for Europe , our wealth of economic activity and our environment and our environment can be preserved for future generations .
In order to guarantee this balance , we must find a strategy for sustainable development .
The Commission is currently working on such a strategy which will be discussed at the height of the Swedish Presidency , the European Council of Gothenburg .
We are trying to make a more vigorous approach to sustainable development in visible and understandable terms and in specific terms , and specific actions which affect the production and habits of the public .
This will , therefore , be a strategy based on innovation and increased investment in these fields and which will also affect the opportunities offered by the leading technology , a strategy which can be achieved in better terms .
A long @-@ term political plan of this kind requires , of course , effective consultation .
In order to make this discussion , Madam President , I have suggested that the European Parliament is proposing a major debate on these issues .
The views of this House will really be a useful help in drawing up its final strategic proposal for the Gothenburg Summit , and I repeat this proposal - and I repeat this - because the summit will otherwise be a failure .
We also want to see a lively discussion not only within the European institutions but also in general with our citizens , but also in general with our citizens .
Our aim is a global , coherent and long @-@ term orientation for building European policy .
I would now like to turn to the Union &apos; s relations with the rest of the world and we are becoming increasingly clear from our citizens who are also prepared to take decisions in this area when we want globalisation to be the good of all .
In the short term , this is a new round of WTO negotiations for our priorities in 2001 .
A new round of round is in fact the best way to strengthen the multilateral system , in which further liberalisation of trade is created by new , the requirements of civil society .
Furthermore , we must also create in important new areas such as competition and investment and the interests of the developing countries .
The developing countries are the key to this new process .
The trade policy must not tackle employers &apos; interests ; we must ensure that it benefits the poorest populations in the world .
We therefore hope that the Council and Parliament will be voting in favour of our proposal during this month that the 48 poorest countries of the world should be able to provide the 48 poorest countries of the world with weapons and customs duties .
We are also prepared to discuss with the new American Government and with the signatories to the trade agreement .
Of course President Bush his regional priorities , but I know that he and his staff do not underestimate the importance of the multilateral system .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , another important step towards the future is , of course , the introduction of the euro to the end of this year .
If the euro is taken at the face of our Mexico , it will become a reality in our citizens .
In the next couple of months , the Commission will work hard together with the Swedish Presidency and with the Belgian Presidency in order to conclude our preparations for this extremely important event : a event which promotes the lives of the citizens of Europe .
However , it is necessary to carry out an enormous organisational document , as has been done so far .
However , it is not all welcome to welcome the idea of a old and anti @-@ racist currency against a new currency , which is why there will be some difficulties at the outset .
We must therefore make every effort to make public attention to the public that the euro will benefit us all and a strong , modern economy .
Meanwhile , it is the symbol of a European project which has been carried out by Europe in both timely and time limits .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to return once again to the question which has already been raised , the debate on the future of Europe on the future of Europe .
In spite of its limitations , the Treaty of Nice , despite its limitations , is an excellent advantage , first and foremost of its existence , but the existence of the existence of the European Union has not yet been any further obstacles to enlargement .
The second advantage is that his second advantage is to open up the &apos; post @-@ Nice process &apos; , which can be opened up with a comprehensive debate on the future of the European Union .
In January of this year , I referred to you in the context of the declaration attached to the Treaty that the process of &quot; open debate &quot; will be characterised by an &quot; open phase &quot; .
This will give the European Council the opportunity to initiate a second stage in December , which I described as &apos; confusing &apos; and to the end of a short space of the Intergovernmental Conference .
I am convinced that this is the right approach and I have the impression that this approach will now be approved .
First of all , I should like to concentrate on the first stage because it will be going on in 2001 .
The term &quot; open sectors &quot; , in my view , is particularly important in my view , because the citizens of Europe are in stark contrast with their actions and their opinions as an open contradiction in the fact that Europe is still necessary , but as far as it is backward .
This is a debate which requires everyone to be involved in the history and all sections of society in order to close and conclude the major European Union project .
The second reason is the latest outcome of the Intergovernmental Conference of Nice .
What most lacked in Nice was a thorough debate on expectations and for Europe .
It has been widely discussed and has never been discussed .
This debate cannot be postponed .
The third reason is that the third reason is that we can no longer be able to occupy Europe any longer any hint of &apos; constructive &apos; indulge in what things stand .
We are now in a new phase in which we must tackle the fundamental issues .
Since 1981 , the Community has been in a progressive process of adaptation , restructuring , enlargement and enlargement .
We have been aware of a generation which has been lost by our institutions and our institutions , the citizens of our own countries , and the public &apos; s citizens have destroyed the principles which we have pursued and the public &apos; s citizens in our own countries .
We have taken historical decisions to which the unity of our continent can be restored .
It would be absurd for it to be absurd and even dangerous if this unity were to be based on an anti @-@ sectoral agreement , or , in any case , the self @-@ intentions and ulterior ulterior motive .
What is the issue of a debate ?
If a debate on the &quot; new new &quot; new &quot; new &quot; new &quot; new &quot; new &quot; new &quot; system .
I have confidence in our citizens &apos; habits and their elected representatives , because we are going to have a debate on whether or not we are talking about an appropriate level of safety or other subjects , such as the debate on the actual issues which our citizens are asking , but rather a debate on the real issues which our citizens are asking for .
The questions encountered by our citizens do not relate to this ; we must recognise that they are no longer subject to the debate on the institutions which we have had in the course of the debate and , in particular , we have seen that they are going to discuss this in circles .
The real problem I can see is that , at some stage , we could not have been in agreement with our Member States on the process , and it has always become more thoughtless to hide our differences between routine minutes and always to hide .
I think that these are , in my view , due to the fact that , in the last few years , this is due to the debate on which too often , in the course of the last few years , in the short term .
At the end of the day , we must at long last deal with the problems .
It is true that there are differing ideas about the final goal of the European Union &apos; s final motives , because we are , of course , different .
However , I would like to say that , at least on the basis of our project , we can , at least , be able to achieve the essence of our project .
This brings us to the heart of the matter - on the basic issues which I would like to make to the public .
For example : are we in fact agreed that we want to build a structure that is determined as a power power , with other words , not merely a commercial power but also a political entity ?
We are all aware of the great challenge which we have to deal with and which depend on the future of our peoples , because it is our nation states alone which are very hard to maintain their existence and identity in the world ?
Another question is : what are we prepared to do with social and economic solidarity with each other ?
Not only in order to prevent or avoid the downfall of the internal market , but because we believe that our peoples will have to take part in a common project and to help each other .
One more question : are we prepared to take the same solidarity when it comes to the interests of our internal and external security ?
And what the environment is about to future generations ?
Last but not least , how can the European citizens protect our values of democracy , solidarity and justice ?
In my opinion , these issues must be raised in the course of 2001 .
These are not institutional , but highly political questions which depend on how we live and work together .
If I have listened to this great debate and have chosen these issues , I do not expect you and the people who represent you , without a firm attack , , as it were , of zero starting .
We are talking about the enormous positive services that Europe has done over the fifty years of Community and the Union , and we are talking about a Europe which has created peace , prosperity and the single currency .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , with you all the members of our national parliaments and with the governments of our Member States , we must ask these questions and answers responses .
I would like to make it quite clear that this comprehensive debate , which can be fully linked to the civil society , does not allow me to have democratic representation .
Members of the European Parliament and the parliaments of the Member States are the legitimate representatives of the people .
This must be taken into account if all these ideas are to be established and implemented .
We are then in the middle of the second phase , which is unthinkable without a thorough involvement of the European Parliament and national parliaments : firstly , because it is a long @-@ term link between states and , secondly , a relationship between States , and , secondly , because I do not think that the basic objective and intentions of the new economy are , in fact , a relationship and independence .
After formalities , a forum for all the players , the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the national parliaments , the national parliaments and the Commission , will have to give a more decisive consideration to this forum during the course of 2002 and the European Council .
The process of this interactive process , the European Council and the Convention or the forum - or the forum or the forum - or the forum or the forum or the forum - I would not like to set up the institutional conclusions which are being drawn up , and ultimately the institutional conclusions will be drawn up .
It would be clear that the discussion cannot be limited to the four issues raised in Nice .
Michel Barnier has given my full support if he , as before your Committee on Constitutional Affairs , says that it is going to take a definitive and sustainable project for our enlarged Union .
The Commission will , of course , take its part and take various initiatives : it has done so with its contribution to drawing up the Treaties ; it will do so with the support of Parliament and successive presidencies , as requested in the Nice declaration .
In this White Paper , however , you cannot expect a coherent concept of separating the competencies of the Union and Member States because this constitutional area will not be interrelated .
It will , however , help support the fact that the instruments for a genuine decentralisation of administration and resources and ways to achieve better , as the best possible implementation of our common policy .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , sometimes , I believe that the biggest achievement of the 20th century is the biggest achievement of the second half of the 20th century .
This construction started by some of them at the beginning of every new phase , with a view to making it more expensive or even ridiculous .
We are now going to introduce the euro notes and coins at the end of 2001 and I do not want to repeat all the things that have been said in the course of this proposal .
Nevertheless , today we are here today and we can all be proud of that .
( Loud , sustained applause )
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we welcome this debate on the Commission &apos; s working programme for 2001 , if we think that this debate was late late and , on the basis of Nice , there was no alternative to this debate in February 2001 .
However , we hope for the coming years that we will have the debate in the autumn of this year , which we shall be discussing , and that is also agreed .
However , I would like to comment on the Council . It seems to me that it is a scandal if the Commission is proposing its programme and the Council of Ministers and the presidency .
We cannot accept this !
This shows what the shortcomings are today .
The foreign ministers travel by the world , which I am not at all critical of , because it is also their job as Foreign Minister ; at the same time , they are also responsible for European affairs .
This is why we must say that we are no longer at the level of foreign policy , and the establishment of the European Parliamentary policy on Foreign Affairs and Foreign Affairs Ministers - and this is not the case - is that we must change these structures .
We need people in the governments who only take care of Europe .
( Applause from the right )
That is why I call on a Council of inquiry which will then be able to remain silent here in Parliament .
Europe will not be involved by a few major speeches from Foreign Ministers , but by the day when it comes to daily work in the Southern Europe .
That is why we call on the Council of Ministers to act on the basis of the Council of Ministers .
( Applause from the right )
We have been pleased to hear that the President of France , Mr Jacques Chirac , is calling for this public debate on the following @-@ Nice process , as President Prodi has also done .
We want a wide public debate on the future of our continent and , of course , Mr President of the Commission , as a group - I cannot speak for the whole of the House - your opinions are your ally when it comes to the future of Europe .
We would like to strengthen you as a Community institution because we do not see that the Council of Ministers will undertake this , Community and representatives of the common interest .
You talked about the involvement of the European Parliament in this process .
We would like to be more specific .
Our honey , the European People &apos; s Party , took place in January of this year , and recommended that we should have an interim agreement on the basis of the Convention , i.e. the national parliaments , the national parliaments , the Commission and the Council .
We want to see this year in Stockholm in Stockholm , in Gothenburg and finally , from the Presidency of the Council , in the myth that such a conference can begin its work in 2002 .
This conference should , as it were , be the case for the nuclear and media administration of the major public debate in Europe , and it should be done on such a conference .
A second comment : asylum and immigration .
Mr President of the Commission , we call for the Commission to move towards a common policy on asylum and immigration policy , because we see that national policy does not result in a result .
Only a common policy can be solved by these difficult tasks .
The Chancellor of an important country , namely the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany , said : if you are talking about the principles of asylum and immigration , then we can also opt for a decision @-@ making process quickly .
I would ask the Commission to work in order to ensure that we have agreed on the basis of unanimity in the field of asylum and immigration policy as soon as possible .
But we also ask the Commission to take account of the consequences in its initiatives .
For example , we have the impression that you want to take a full account of family reunification .
We ask you to take family reunification due to the heart of the matter , which is no longer manageable .
Overall , asylum and immigration must be an important area .
Third comment : Europe .
As everyone knows , we will have a single European currency in the hands of 1 January 2002 , as the President of the Commission has rightly pointed out , and the President of the Commission has rightly pointed this out .
But we must also strengthen Europe &apos; s competitiveness by ensuring that small and medium @-@ sized enterprises can invest in small and medium @-@ sized enterprises .
In this respect , I believe we must strengthen our efforts .
As far as the question of enlargement of the European Union is concerned , we are committed to approving the first members of the European Union until the year 2004 .
Mr President of the Commission , I ask you to provide information for public information so that we can convince people in our countries that the enlargement of the European Union is necessary and that it is important to see the enlargement of the European Union .
Let me say : we want a strong , united and democratic Europe .
Mr President of the Commission , let us work on this .
We are in your position when you strengthen the Community institutions .
We ask the Council not to refuse itself to do itself , but also in Europe too .
If we then do so then we should succeed .
However , the Council must fulfil its tasks before the Commission and Parliament are starting .
( Applause )
Madam President , Mr Prodi , on the eve of the enlargement of the European Union , we are becoming increasingly important in the direction of enlargement of the European Union in the direction of the countries of Central Europe and the defence budgets in a few years &apos; time .
From the Union &apos; s point of view , the best way to strengthen peace in the region of the Atlantic region is to win and to win new economic partners from Russia and Ukraine .
Unfortunately , the Union &apos; s activities reflects that .
We are quickly in favour of ensuring that these countries do not even have economic conditions or political will .
But in cooperation with the countries of the southern Mediterranean , huge sums and resources have already been invested in cooperation , although results are still waiting for time .
The challenge is also needed in the East .
I notice that Mr Prodi has not just mentioned our relations with the east , which is perhaps not possible within the scope of the comprehensive report .
In recent years , investment for Russia is one tenth of what is channelled into the Mediterranean countries .
For all former countries of the Soviet Union , half of the appropriations have been spent on cooperation in the Mediterranean .
This relationship is not in line with the importance of the most important regions in relation to the regions that are in comparison .
Above all , the forms of economic cooperation must be concrete and achievable .
The waste water waste of approximately nine million is being hunted down and the neighbouring regions are being threatened with ill @-@ functioning facilities in the environmentally sensitive , mental and monetary @-@ east region .
This has already led to the perverse , lasting change of the natural balance and the situation is continuing .
Mr Prodi is calling for sustainable telecommunications .
The transformation chain in the region is a good example of specific cooperation with the northern region .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen .
Firstly , on behalf of my group , I would like to welcome the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , which called for the legislative programme to be proposed by Parliament as a prerequisite for the introduction of the legislative programme .
They do not have any proposals for them ; it is design , design , and there will be more and more .
Let us remember that you have been 50 % of the programme last year .
We do not have to propose a great deal to do so , try to comply with it .
I should also like to remind you once again that there was agreement , the programme following consultation with Parliament in January ; it remains to be hoped that you will be able to meet the deadlines better .
I claim that the main thrust of the programme is the support of the citizens to the European project ; it is the sine qua non for its success .
It is our duty to overcome the problems facing our fellow citizens , for example the economic and social agenda which we are going to discuss in March , food safety , the introduction of the euro as instructions and the fight against organised crime .
My Group strongly supports the proposal made by the Commission &apos; s proposal &apos; Non @-@ military &apos; ; that means that the 48 poorest countries should give full export to the 48 poorest countries .
These are crucial aspects of the programme .
This does not prevent us from criticising us and which we must take up .
One of the criticisms of the BSE type is to be dealt with by the Brussels bureaucrats , in this connection , and we should also stress that the Commission and Parliament have been accountable for years , and that we will continue to urge our fellow citizens to respond to their concerns , but also the need to respond to our fellow citizens .
Because the creation of a single market does not only mean uniform and standards aimed at protecting citizens &apos; protection , and to try to ensure that the main services are guaranteed and to ensure greater competition and freedom in a environment .
We should remember that , because at the moment we are talking about the virtue of deregulation and not the ability to live in a civilised framework .
With regard to governance , Mr President , as a matter of urgency , it should be taken back to a little more innovative reflection on new forms of new and good democratic technology which will enable us to understand the embassies of the growth of the growth rate of 2 500 years ago .
That is what we need .
And we still need a Commission proposal on the distribution of powers and the possibility of integrating the Charter .
This means that we need to make a very comprehensive contribution to everything .
Mr President , you are giving you less general requests to civil society and talk about their elected representatives , with us in the European Parliament and with the Members of the Member States .
In my opinion , this year , I do not think it is a question of setting up an electoral system or a supranational body . We must consider the procedure and the method .
Madam President , I believe that , Madam President , we must also make a clear approach .
I agree , Madam President , because my speaking time is at the end of my speaking time , by saying that the Commission has the machinery to produce proposals .
Let us do so ; we will be able to strengthen an alliance which is essential in order to make progress in the debate and to contribute to solutions to the future of European construction .
On behalf of my Group , I welcome this progress .
However , very concern is the report which the Commission published last week in Stockholm on the Lisbon process .
We had a high level of ambition to develop in ten years &apos; time to develop the dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy in the world . Unfortunately , we will be slow .
I agree with this House , and I am not a bad losers , but I would like to point out that I was one of the minority who was lost in the proposal for the liberalisation of the postal services .
The matter concerns each of us .
I remember the history of a history which was reported in the United States by the famous mayors , Richard , Minister .
Following an agreement on the mayor of the mayor , he wanted to speak in his speech on the new roles of his administration .
It is a mistake to say that he is unfortunately unable to address his speech in the wake of his speech .
He promised to strive for new administration to be new .
I think that we should be careful that we do not dispute the same error in Lisbon , but we must make real progress .
The message to Stockholm must be that we are serious about our obligations and that we will be making every effort to implement them .
We have made good progress in our efforts to build on the food and consumer policy in the past twelve months .
A great deal remains to be done , but there has been some progress .
In the field of trade and development , my group supports the initiative : all the goods against weapons .
In view of the fact that the Commission itself is looking at the delicate problems of agriculture in connection with the World Trade Organisation and the debate on reform , we hope that these debates do not affect the development of development .
This is an important European initiative and I hope that the College of Quaestors will be looking into it , regardless of the difficulties which may arise in connection with the difficulties in other areas .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has to devote more attention to the policy of asylum and defence policy .
I congratulate Mr Vitorino on the work done so far , but we have reached an agreement in Tampere , and I wonder why we are still struggling with the definition of this waste .
With regard to enlargement , which is very close to my group , I would like to say to the Commission and to Mr Solana and Mr Solana that we need to address the fact that we really have to address Cyprus in more detail .
The acquis communautaire is not just a question of the acquis communautaire , in this area .
It is not just a question of whether Cyprus can implement the acquis communautaire , and we do not see any problems .
On the contrary , it is about serious and serious political issues which , in our view , deserve the time and attention that they deserve for a successful accession of Cyprus .
With regard to the form of the legislative programme , I am pleased that the programme will first be mentioned to the committees of the House .
It is good that we have the opportunity to deal with the programme and its priorities .
As Mr Prodi said , it is not a matter of a kind of generosity which has been mentioned and he has mentioned some priorities .
But I was watching the programme .
There is a lot of warnings that have been levelled at 49 .
These 49 are different initiatives .
It is very difficult to identify the real priorities and the areas which are particularly political and which we have to address in this area .
Something must change here .
We need to change our working methods .
I hope we are so far in a position to make every initiative in a sense that every initiative is justified .
I do not want to say that the proposed initiatives are not justified , but we need more information .
Perhaps we have proposed some of the initiatives , but some of the ideas that they are perhaps not so important .
What is the result of a Council asking the Commission to take the initiative ?
We cannot find answers to these questions .
However , I would like to respond .
This is not a question of interference in the Commission &apos; s right of initiative with regard to the Treaties but a matter of quality quality .
I would like to conclude by saying that , if we reach agreement between September and September , we could be able to reach an agreement and , Madam President , as President of this conciliation committee and Mr Prodi as President of the European Commission , this is our priority for Europe and to say that this is our priority for Europe .
What are you doing about this ?
So we should tackle our work , offensive and forcefully .
Finally , a word on Nice or the post @-@ Nice process .
As the European Parliament , we should encourage the institutions to take a long @-@ term and open debate on the transporters .
My group could present the establishment of a convention which is actively involved in the European Parliament and the national parliaments and the Council .
( Applause )
Madam President , my group also supports the fact that we are really looking at the key priorities in this debate and we can forget that it can be forgotten for a moment , as well as usual , that we can forget what we are doing here in our daily work .
First of all , I would like to say that the biggest problem is lack of absence in the absence of instruments that will enable the Union to make it possible to ensure that the challenges of globalisation are able to meet the challenges of globalisation , for example , with which it can protect the public .
I would just like to point out that the Nice Summit was not able to adopt a decision on taxation by qualified majority voting in the future .
This means that we leave the market to market taxation .
We allow players to influence our taxation systems , and that is , of course , an essential limitation in which we can establish what we call the European social model in which we call on the European social model to develop .
There has been employment in the area .
There is no doubt that we really need to focus on the need to combat racism , because otherwise we will no longer be able to make any more immigrants and asylum seekers .
We all have a great deal of responsibility here .
Madam President , it is very often a lot of words to talk about the citizen in this House .
It has been said here today that the citizens must be involved in decision @-@ making in decision making , but that is , unfortunately , very often forgotten when it is .
Let me give you a topical example here .
The institutions are trying to set up a code of conduct which is supposed to guarantee the right of citizens to be informed of the Union &apos; s decision @-@ making process .
I should like to warn all the Members of the House against this , because it seems that these main systems are mainly a regulation which protects the confidential work of the institutions .
We cannot accept that and we must also discuss this issue more publicly .
We cannot talk behind closed doors behind closed doors .
Madam President , Mr Prodi has spoken at the beginning of his speech on sustainable development , and this is a very central one for my group .
If we do not really manage to achieve a programme of sustainable development , we have missed a chance which perhaps cannot be dismissed .
The Commission has to show strong and consistent action in this area .
But it seems that there will always be problems in this practical situation .
Today , the Commission will publish its White Paper on the electoral report , but I have reason to ensure that , in particular , the Commission &apos; s intention is to protect industry &apos; s short @-@ term interests , as well as guaranteeing that dangerous chemicals actually comes from road .
We cannot accept this if we talk about sustainable development .
The competitiveness of the environment is an aspect which should be taken seriously and the Commission should listen , particularly to the companies and economic operators , that sustainable development can also be a good business .
At the moment , the great reform of the agricultural policy is being discussed and we want to encourage the Commission to take a comprehensive stance , not just with small steps , and we are facing a real change in the model of model .
In conclusion , Madam President , I would like to say that I am sure that Annex 4 of the Treaty of Nice is best the best part of the Treaty .
It contains the great commitment to Parliament and the Commission and also for the Council , the Swedish Presidency , to take seriously the re @-@ assessment of this process , which will build the European Union seriously .
My group fully supports the initiative which you have proposed , the civil society , during the next six months , to include this debate , which concerns national parliaments and , of course , the candidate countries .
I have taken note of the fact that we are , in particular , satisfied with the fact that we are particularly satisfied with the national parliaments .
No , civil society is something to be desired .
At last , we must take it seriously and let us not let any Intergovernmental Conference be allowed to let us get away with the national interests , and that all this has taken place behind closed doors .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , the report on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 raises a number of questions , such as the Union &apos; s role in Europe and the world .
The negotiations with the candidate countries should be continued in a gradual way , in your document , in which the reference to 18 further inquiries is revised this year .
How can we do so , if not on the basis of bureaucratic information , we are not even able to give an idea of the problems which are causing difficulties and on the basis of political decisions which we have to make ?
In fact , I feel that the concept of reproduction , with which the Union strategy is called for in the Balkans , its relations with Russia and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , seems to me to be particularly risky and shorter .
The measures taken by the Union in these areas have also been raised in a critical vote , such as last week on the Euro @-@ Mediterranean forum .
What are you learn from such comments ?
What has happened from the Union &apos; s development policy ?
For the poorest , as well as the commercial measure you mentioned just now , the office of American Aid has been replaced by the American intermediaries , and the fact is that , most importantly , the development of aid is replaced by the case of US Aid .
As far as the other countries are concerned , it is replace the Lomé philosophy in the context of the WTO .
So what is the ambition of Europe to its southern neighbours ?
The second major priority , which I would ask you , is the new economic and social agenda .
The Commission must prepare the relevant decisions on the basis of these known structural indicators .
What is the role of these indicators , the social concerns and everything which most rightly described as human development ?
For example , there is no social conditionality for the Commission &apos; s consent to large companies .
Why not ?
What do you intend to do in the future to prevent events from events such as Michelin , Danone , Herman Schmid , and others , where the announcement of excellent financial results with plans to be met ?
Why postpone the revision of the directive on European Works Councils next year ?
In this context , you have embarked on a White Paper on the issue of responsible political leadership which involves a partnership with civil society .
As I have just seen from the World Cup in Brittany , I should like to get straight away with both hands , but I do not go back with both hands , but I do not think that , because of a political announcement , all these guidelines are almost passionate .
What action would you , Mr President of the Commission , be prepared to do so in 2001 ?
Madam President , the agreement reached in Nice will now be the way for enlargement of the Union .
This was the main objective of achieving this within the framework of the season and , in my view , the speedy accession of the candidate countries to the European Union is nothing more .
The key priority for the current 15 Member States of the European Union is to ensure that the Treaty of Nice will soon be ratified .
The provisions of Nice can only enter into force when the process of ratification is completed in the 15 Member States of the Union .
I note that today &apos; s debate under the &quot; Follow @-@ up to the European Council in Nice &quot; is in place .
I would like to warn all the interested parties against the European Union to discuss major developments in the European Union .
That is the central theme which is currently the key in the Union .
Those who talk about a broader political integration in the Union are of course ratified by the fact that the Treaty of Nice will , of course , be ratified .
That is not the case , however .
The seven million citizens of the Union must be used in easily understandable and in a panic to a panic in a panic which guarantees the support and the goodwill of all our citizens .
This criticism concerns all those who propose to introduce complete federal structures in the European Union .
It seems to us that Europe should be able to give us what it is doing , which is good for us , and we will be able to make the necessary changes , which will then be grateful for the citizens .
It does not work , however .
We are tabling proposals .
We will then try to win our proposals in the context of our respective parliaments or by referenda in our respective parliaments .
We need to support enlargement and acknowledge the full right of candidate countries to join the European Union , to establish our citizens of the importance of the Treaty of Nice and its far @-@ reaching political consequences .
However , in any case , the European Union should continue to continue the debate on new political developments within the Union , as long as the Treaty of Nice is not ratified in each Member State .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I have heard some consternation from the comments made by the chairman of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and the European People &apos; s Party , who referred to the lack of institutional divide between the members of the Council of Ministers and , in some in this House , the institutional divide of the foreign ministers of the Member States .
In my opinion , this is symptomatic of what President Prodi has just said on the programme : this programme , as it were , as it were , as it were , a book of the utopian ideals , which , in his speech , has been accompanied by a debate which Mr Prodi explained in his speech .
The fundamental problem , which has now been the debate on modern Europe , is , of course , more frequent and , from some of my American Italian term , it has been described as a social model , which was described as a social state .
The situation is , and remains , whether we want a social state or a liberal state .
Do we want more state and less market and less market and less states ?
We have heard that , last year in Europe , the jobs of EUR 2.5 million were created by the President of the Commission , which led to the President of the Commission , as President Prodi has made a very good outcome , but I believe that , in my view , we have had an excellent result , but I believe that this should also be assessed on the basis of the territorial distribution of these jobs in the Union .
In the South of South @-@ Italy , there are never every unemployed unemployed , but the Union could have two problems to be able to cope with such a solution .
I am also thinking of your comments on the internal reform of the Commission , Mr President .
I know that it is a bit of passion and this passion of the Commission , for example , with regard to the internal trade system , which , for example , is the Commission &apos; s staff , who are concerned about the cuts in defence processes and on examination which may affect the positions of the employees and staff of the European Parliament .
Mr President , a few points say yes to the Treaty of Nice , because federalists protest against it .
Some federalists say yes because Eurosceptics are opposed , but there is good reason for both groups .
Eurosceptics must be given power to power power from national parliaments to Brussels .
federalists must be unable to make decisions by the electorate and representatives of the EU to officials and ministers in the EU .
Nice means , briefly , less democracy .
We all have a shared interest in guaranteeing a democratic debate before the next Treaty .
We must put an end to closed doors behind the next Treaty , the next Treaty must be negotiated by the elected representatives .
The discussion must not only be public but the citizens are also part of the discussion , and it is in the countries where it is permissible to vote in referenda .
In this background , federalists and &quot; Miscellaneous &quot; can discuss the way in which the future Europe is working .
What will be decided in Brussels , what is to be decided in Strasbourg , what is to be taken by national parliaments ?
The Group of the European Union for the Europe of Democracies and Diversities provides for an open , less extensive and deeper European cooperation .
We want all the decisions to be made in the Member States and regions .
The wealth of Europe is in its differences and , for example , we do not see the need for the EU to change a decision in terms of local competition policy .
It is a matter of this kind that we can decide on a matter of course .
Finally , I hope that what the Commission will do is to exploit the pluralist discussion between all different views on European integration .
Mr President , today &apos; s debate on an oral question on the follow @-@ up to the European Council in Nice , during the failure of the Treaties to be signed , and the next Intergovernmental Conference should be convened in 2004 .
The Commission and the Commission , as its President just pointed out , is in the end of the great European Transport Council , as President of the Council , and , as its President has just pointed out , it should be set up in order to bring about a convention similar to the Charter of Fundamental Rights last year .
However , it should not prevent us from thinking about the way in which we do not want to think about it .
The idea of a European Constitution , together with the idea of a European State , which does not want our peoples .
In fact , the Council of Nice - and this is something which must be emphasised - is the idea of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , as the future Europe does not need any future state with a constitution , but a network of nations which respects national democracies and a network of nations .
At the moment we must reflect on the way in which the debate is forthcoming .
It must be said openly that the Convention which has drawn up the Charter of Fundamental Rights has been failure because it constantly disregard the powers of responsibility and , ultimately , a text which is not acceptable , but that is not acceptable for the whole of a supranational State .
Of course , the Intergovernmental Conferences will have to be prepared in future , but in no way through a convention in the state of affairs that will lead us to make a fresh impasse .
With regard to the next Intergovernmental Conference , first of all , there must be a debate in and with the national parliaments responsible for those responsible .
In a second stage , the Intergovernmental Conference should only negotiate with credible proposals , that is to say at least one quarter of the national parliaments of the Union .
In addition , there would be no link between interconnection partnerships and that the links with national democracies are not respected .
Mr Prodi , we understand how difficult it is to summarise all issues connected with the European Commission in a brief document .
I am therefore simply going to take on two key areas , which I would like to see to you again .
Let us look at what is currently happening in the agricultural sector : we as a European People &apos; s Party consider it urgently necessary to consider the common agricultural policy and , in particular , to make clear strategies of future strategies .
Let us just consider the financial burden of our budget by agriculture , based on the back to agriculture or the issues of globalisation .
You yourself mentioned Commissioner Lamy &apos; s proposal , which is extremely important , but it will have significant implications for the issues of agriculture .
Or are we thinking of future developments in the food policy in the food sector , in the context of West production and biotechnology .
If we then accept the issues of enlargement and the reinvigoration of agriculture in some regions such as the Mediterranean , we are already aware of the fact that the European agriculture model will implement the Commission , and , above all , we want to be sacrificed on the altar of foreign policy or , above all , to ensure that this model is not sacrificed on the altar of foreign policy .
The second problem concerns the Mediterranean area , which was a forum which we took part in last week .
There are still major problems in relation to the Mediterranean area .
It is our wish that a policy should be adopted in this area , which will give the southern territory the same prerogatives as they are in the European Union .
Mr President , President of the Commission , Mr Prodi .
We have heard a great deal from you today .
I would like to refer to your last word , where you also talk about Parliament &apos; s role , i.e. the role of the parliamentarians .
Fine , fine words , but too little .
I would like to make a clear statement .
The state of affairs is : we want a strong Commission , because we are convinced that the basis of a future Europe will not be the basis of a future Europe - the cooperation of governments .
We therefore expect you to see the strengthening of violence and strengthening parliamentary democracy .
In general terms , you will agree with that .
Only , Mr President , when your Vice @-@ President Barnier was recently inspired by a debate in the relevant committee , we should propose a kind of forum for the future of the post @-@ Nice process , a kind of forum which includes all Members , civil society , and I do not say if this forum is to be drawn up .
Mr President , we want a Convention of conduct , a European Parliament and national MEPs .
That is what we want , because we ask you to clear your clear and clear support .
Mr President , I know that there is also the criticism of the Commission - directly and indirectly - that this Parliament is weaknesses .
There are weaknesses in this Parliament .
However , the weaknesses in this Parliament and of the European Union must be brought to the fore in the strengthening of this Parliament rather than weaken Parliament &apos; s further changes .
This brings me to the next point : you have also proposed this again today - and I shall be entitled to have a White Paper - to publish a White Paper on good governance .
The concept of good governance is a little problematic .
I would say more well governance .
The democratic decision @-@ making procedures must be strengthened , and I am right to do so .
We must also be bridged .
The dialogue with civil society is also part of democracy .
I agree absolutely .
We also have to do more than MEPs .
But again is the crucial question : is the inclusion of civil society a replace for strengthening direct parliamentary democracy or not ?
Is civil society in a position to engage in parliamentary discussions and decision making or not ?
Here too we have to make a clear and clear statement in favour of Parliament .
( Applause )
In this connection , I should also like to point out that it is also a new &quot; word &quot; .
It will sometimes be copied in the way in which competition is labelled .
No , Mr President .
Parliament must make decision making decision , the Council , the parliamentary bodies .
It is true that we need to make this decision @-@ making process transparent and not transparent , not transparent and not in public work , especially in the Commission , in the Commission .
We need to enter into a dialogue with a dialogue and debate , and we must adopt their Council and their ideas .
We cannot , however , give the wolf the sheep the sheep .
The recorded that we perhaps want to control is a framework in the future ?
I disagree with this .
That would be as if I would say that the feedingstuffs industry and the tobacco industry should define the rules governing the organisation of the environment .
That cannot be our position !
In this context , I would like to make a small comment : there is a growing trend towards the Commission &apos; s words .
In other words , the Council and Parliament will decide that it would be preferable to implement the Commission to determine how it is possible to implement the various types of traffic .
This is also a dangerous way !
The Commission makes proposals .
She has the right of initiative .
I readily admit that .
The decision must , however , have to make the decision @-@ making process , but the parliamentary bodies must be able to make decision @-@ making .
If that is called for , the European Court of Justice is called on to make it .
Finally , Mr Prodi , we expect the Commission to expect a whole host of proposals .
We also expect the respect of the immunity , as we the Commission respects .
We expect you to be stronger in our interests , as we are interested in .
( Applause )
Mr President , the President of the Commission has declared that the institutions should act responsibly and efficiently and , in fact , he promised to submit a White Paper on good governance .
Perhaps we should start to start improving the quality of governance within the Union &apos; s work programme .
We should concentrate on our political work on areas where EU research is essential .
We should ensure that the principle of subsidiarity is always upheld .
In view of the Commission &apos; s recommendation for a single European operation , the Commission really does not really refer to any action made for this year .
In the event of any new competition system , why , as my colleague Mr Clegg has suggested , we could have a permanent passage into this House , as my colleague Mr Clegg has suggested , to ensure that the measures are taken into account the criteria of subsidiarity and proportionality .
Mr Prodi , instead of putting the proposals into annexes in annexes , you should add your speech to the Union &apos; s situation for a detailed list of proposals , which is a good one .
The proposals should be the result of a serious debate in the College of Commissioners , not just as regards the annex .
Our committee should examine the individual Commissioners from their respective competence .
We shall be voting on the text here in our plenary session .
Nice has shown that we cannot make progress at the intergovernmental stage .
We now have to find strong arguments for a Europe @-@ wide Europe .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , I endorse the demands for more specific answers .
The political unity of Europe has not progressed in Nice .
The reverse is renationalisation .
With regard to the failure there , Mr Prodi , I believe it is extremely important to recognise that it is the Council &apos; s arrogance to be European .
These are the nature of the parliaments .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , the Commission &apos; s attitude is unclear and vague , especially on the issue of the post @-@ Nice process .
You have found a critical word on the Treaty , but I am told that , in my own country , the Commission spends a great deal of inspiration , which is an historic breakthrough and success in the Treaty of Nice .
You have found a critical word of discussion , but Commissioner Barnier marks the whole forum of the debate instead of a whole forum of secrecy and a convention .
Mr President of the Commission , I would like to ask you to give a clear answer to a clear question : discharges on the part of Parliament when it comes to asking Parliament to have an anti @-@ decision @-@ making process , and the enlargement of the Treaty of Nice , with the crucial democratic principles such as separation , executive and public accessibility ?
Mr President , Nice was a symbolic step backwards : democracy , more transparency , more transparency and the ability to intervene .
This is why I think we must use the post @-@ Nice Summit to save the Union before Nice .
In the short term , I would like to mention four points which are important .
First of all , I call upon the Council to correct the number of seats for the Czech Republic and Hungary , to correct the discrimination of these two countries .
Secondly , there is a clear common debate on the future of the Union &apos; s future - a new system must not mean renationalisation .
Thirdly , together with the Convention of the Convention , which has also been held on the basis of the Convention , and on the other hand , the Intergovernmental Conference should be added to the Intergovernmental Conference , and fourthly , and fourth , the Intergovernmental Conference should not be allowed to come up with a time when the Commission and Parliament are not involved in 2004 .
Mr President , for years , our priorities have been given because we do not fully achieve our objectives or , if we are not fully achieved , because we have the enemy of the turbulent political , technological and economic growth which we have to handle .
The problem of employment and the quality of living and working conditions is still thrown down and , in the light of enlargement , we must meet our skills , for the benefit of our people and the people of the candidate countries and also to meet the structures necessary and to develop economic and social relations .
There is no question of speeding up the process of speeding up the process of enlargement or the enlargement of enlargement , but it is a very demanding decision to ensure that a morally correct decision is taken .
We must tackle the fight against illegal immigration , organised crime and children , drug addiction and trafficking in immigrants , but we must recognise that the formal official documents do not meet any real practical progress .
We are waiting for a European regulation for the use of the Internet .
If there is no freedom of rules , there will be no freedom but only violations of national and international laws .
The development of Mediterranean policy during its last meeting of the stabilisation of Mediterranean policy must be achieved as soon as possible , as well as the peace process in the Middle East .
Of course , there is an absolute need for the other priorities : food safety and the health of citizens .
In the name of a wrong number of progress and the illegal profit of some less than the illegal profit , the health of consumers and the illegal income of the world will be passed on today and will be destroyed in whole .
The consequences will be devastating if we are not clear , careful and timely .
Too often the governments in recent declarations on mad cow disease , oil refineries or rape , have been told , very briefly , in all the notifications which have proven not only to be singled but as ecological and health care .
Mr Prodi , we are asking you to ask the Council to enter into a monitoring and environmental monitoring process , but until then we would like to see greater monitoring by your presidency .
Mr President , in Nice , we face many open questions which we need specific answers .
These issues concern the division between national and European competences , simplifying the Treaty of Fundamental Rights , the status of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the role of the national parliaments in the architecture of the European Union .
How is the Member States to continue to keep quiet ?
This question is closely linked to the European Union &apos; s negotiating capacities .
We need to be aware that only when it comes to defining the powers of decision @-@ making in the people for legislative and political decisions at European level .
It must therefore be an absolute goal to include national parliaments in the run @-@ up to the planned Intergovernmental Conference .
On the one hand , as soon as possible , it is in the Member States to put in place as early as possible , and on the other hand , in order to overcome possible problems in the event of ratification .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we are now beginning to take a mistake , namely the Treaty of Amsterdam , which we now call for the Nice Council to be resolved at the Nice meeting .
I believe that we must also have clear procedures for this .
The question is that this is only a declaration which will be adopted in a Convention which will be adopted in the course of a convention , and will be the same as in Nice again , as in Nice ?
I think we need to make clear progress , both on the basis of the method and the objectives , where it should be applied . This must not be the case .
It also needs to be considered , after all of all all the Heads of Government say that the decision @-@ making process is bad , after which methods may well be put in place before the post @-@ Nice procedure , for example , in connection with what methods we have always been able to have before the post @-@ Nice procedure .
It is also the method of the method to delay enlargement .
The second issue is enlargement , and we must honour our historic obligation here .
This leads me to the third subject .
We need to see that transatlantic links are not being buried into new security debates , that the Americans do not understand us with our defence and defence policy and we do not understand the Americans with the outcome of the NATO initiative .
I believe that we can say firstly that enlargement is our main own policy .
Secondly , if we develop our own skills , this part of the Atlantic Alliance , which will continue to be responsible for collective security in Europe .
I believe that this gives us the opportunity to create the conditions for a transatlantic market @-@ free market .
According to the days of the American President , Robert tribes , the author of the transatlantic declaration of 1990 was the author of 1990 .
I would ask you to build on this tradition once again so that we can learn the ocean again .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , three brief points make three .
Firstly , the first stage of the public debate - Mr Swoboda and Mr Brok - I agree with this - but the planned declaration of lowering appeals is also included .
My very clear question to you is : Are you prepared to present a joint proposal from the Commission and Parliament to be able to present a joint proposal from the Commission and Parliament for the remainder of the process of &quot; Amsterdam &quot; ?
That is the first question which is about the method .
With regard to the second question , I welcome the fact that you have talked about a body for the participation of governments , the Commission , the European Parliament and the national parliaments .
We want a Convention for the further development of the post @-@ Nice process , a convention which is responsible for the public debate , and that includes a clear proposal for the public debate , and , at the same time , a clear proposal for the Intergovernmental Conference and the issues which will be negotiated shortly .
The third question concerns matters .
Four issues are planned , and we all know that , in order to be precise and feasible , we all know that these issues must be clarified , but we all know that there is a lot more at stake .
Let us all advise you that , from this strange term &apos; , &apos; post @-@ Nice &apos; , we must move away from this strange term &quot; .
It is not about &apos; reached &apos; in Nice &apos; .
Nice is not only the end of a method , but at the end of the day , the end of a era , the era of the European unification process of the fifties , 1960s , Irian and 1980s .
What we are doing now is to create a new European Union , that is to say , a European Union for the 21st century .
We are not talking about the &apos; reached &apos; in Nice &apos; , but it is a question of achieving a reform of the European construction process , and it must be clear .
If we are to public the public debate if we are to win the public , if we want to win the people of Europe , then it is not enough to start the people of Europe with a new European Union which has changed since 1990 .
Mr President , I would like to start by saying that I have a great disappointment at the point that no ministers of the presidency are present in this important debate .
Mr President of the Commission , on the eve of Nice , it is clear that the unanimous compromise behind closed doors has taken its clear limits .
It is now becoming clear that , once again , there has been a broad social debate on the objectives of Europe , its future and tasks .
That is a good thing .
The promise of the promise .
But how should this be done ?
If the citizens of Europe are to take part in the debate on the future of the common European project , they will also be able to influence them .
Is the Commission prepared to accept proposals and ideas and to implement it ?
In this case , the EU will open and simplify and simplify it .
We know that many citizens want a clear constitution .
When will it be ?
We also know that the environment , asylum and cross @-@ border crime are important issues where the citizens want to see a strong , dynamic and more dynamic EU .
Are the Commission and the Council prepared to give the EU these instruments ?
Unfortunately , the results of Nice are a warning .
We know that there is a general risk of concern about the fact that the Union has a lot of detailed details .
If the Commission is prepared to provide the famous principle of subsidiarity and provide a procedure to be able to provide a system of proceedings in order to limit the enormous excesses which we all feature in Brussels and Strasbourg .
The citizens of the EU and the applicant countries and of the national parliaments and the national parliaments and , of course , also need to have a real impact on procedures , the agenda and the decisions on the future of the EU .
But how exactly ?
This is the big question which has been raised in the air and all colleagues have raised .
As far as the year 2000 is concerned , it is difficult to agree , Mr Romano Prodi , if you explain , your programme for Europe and the year 2001 .
According to your programme , we could not think that this is the very serious and far @-@ reaching problem of the telecommunications market .
In their proposals , the new economy and millions of new jobs have taken place , without taking account of the fact that it is necessary to take these jobs first and foremost in sub @-@ Saharan areas leading to high @-@ level employees who suffer from the highest level of qualified @-@ scale employees .
Neither the economic and budgetary problems that need to be implemented in the necessary enlargement of new states will be affected by the tragedy of the third world , which caused the crisis which caused the crisis , which caused the crisis , particularly in port .
There is nothing about the enormous disappointment at Nice and it is unreasonable to prevent the states &apos; direct democratic decision @-@ making to the Union &apos; s direct democratic decision to the Union or the main first country of nations without a government or its first country .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , the Commission should not close itself to the fact that , at the moment , the European society is currently looking at a process which is currently being adopted in the European society .
It would be a good thing if the Council , the Commission and Parliament were jointly involved in the initiative that will require the citizens .
Mr President of the Commission , Mr President of the Commission , the Eurosceptics have the right time .
They have been the dominant force in this House , which concerns everything , in different paints , and their own failure to conceal their own failure , which they have shown , which they have shown , and which , unfortunately , happened in the context of political arrogance , which they have shown , has never learnt from the past .
Now , however , the enlarged European Union is precisely the opposite , so that it was not just as a result of the Treaty of Amsterdam &apos; s Treaty of Nice to be diagnosed by the Treaty of Nice and , if the year 2004 came , new disappointment .
Europe needs a different strategy , another approach .
The majority must be prepared to do something about this without prejudice .
It is only enough that they came into Nice .
It is now crucial for them to understand what transitional agreements have taken place in the face of the world &apos; s becoming a reality : the truth of the world &apos; s reality .
What we need here is the question of what is going on , but also about speed .
If we want to force a state of state and political superstructure , it is not even a European people , and not even a European public , but not even a European public .
Greater centralisation , less democracy .
Of course , the peoples of the people are opposed to this .
Nobody wants to refuse democratic quality , in his own country , in its own language and culture , where it is possible to opt for the power of power .
If we do not understand that , if we are not prepared to get to get to get to get off with more votes , if we do not want to make a stop to the leadership by the national parliaments if we do not want to halt Europe , then the discussion is as unfortunate as the fact that we are not trying to abandon the Nice debate .
It would also be if the federalists continue to pursue their close vision of the reality of the peoples and the same disappointment as at Nice and Europe .
What is being prepared has been and what happens is nothing .
We need a completely different European strategy , a strategy with the nations on the basis of peoples , and no longer the people involved and against nations .
More than a European debate we need fifteen national debates in the context of enlargement , national debate on Europe , without opposing and ambiguities on the table .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the lack of a specific programme for the Commission to prepare the forthcoming institutional reform , as you have noted , is with concern to this Parliament .
It seems to me that we need to wait for the Laeken guidelines to bring about a move .
But the debate on the future of the Union has been in harmony for months , with speeches from various Heads of State and Government , and Parliament has already played an active role .
The passivity of the Commission , if it were confirm that it would be extremely serious , would be very serious in this final stage , because we all know that it is a major responsibility .
This responsibility must be reflected in concrete proposals and not in quantitative terms on a White Paper or other dossiers .
I am very sincerely pleased that President Prodi has reiterated his support this morning in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , which says that the idea of a forum is not a retrograde step in relation to the last Convention , but the desire to make a forum in connection with the previous Convention .
But if that is the case , what is the case ?
The Europeans now know what a Convention is , and it could be able to examine its transparent and sound results and compare the laborious course of the last Intergovernmental Conference .
He refuses to reject the name ; they reject the Convention itself .
Let us , therefore , fight on the issue of transport and understanding to the public , so that Parliament and the Commission are fighting .
Let us not forget those who do not want a democratic and transparent Europe , but also a strong , diplomatic Europe .
The Union does not need a more reliable Commission .
It requires an active and courageous Commission : what we demand today .
Mr President , if we finally want the debate at last , we need a sound institutional division between the future of the European Union .
The proposals which you have presented this morning will allow us to respond to Mr Hänsch - to restore Mr Hänsch - the natural alliance which needs to be successful between our two institutions in order to achieve this dialogue within the institutional world .
But if we want to make progress in this way , it is not helpful to denounce this or the Council &apos; s behaviour .
We need a strong Council and we need a strong Council in our institutional division .
There are reforms which can be carried out without any change in the Treaty .
We should support the initiatives in this respect in the Council rather than not to conceal ourselves in order to conceal the Council &apos; s absence , as Mr Poettering has just done .
My second point relates to the White Paper on the responsible political leadership which we expect with impatience .
We have taken note of the fact that the debate can be reached on the basis of jurisdiction , which will lead to confusion in Annex IV .
But I would like to draw your attention to one aspect of the matter .
You mentioned this morning that you want to see a Europe closer to the citizens .
We believe that if we want to make progress here , real improvements are needed .
For our constituencies in our constituencies , in our countries , are being told what difficulties there is , if we want to see projects in the Commission .
The long @-@ windedness of the procedures , the concentration of projects in this respect , leaves to be desired .
The third point concerns the debate on the future of the Union .
I think that you have outlined some elements this morning which will allow us to start dialogue with good conditions .
The question of the content must , of course , be raised on the basis of the content ; the institutional questions will be followed later .
Of course , the issue of the European Union &apos; s political clout at international level is the issue of solidarity - and I would argue that it is crucial to discuss the social model of the European Union , of which we need to send the determination to live together in the European Union .
As far as the method is concerned , we are delighted that you have taken the idea that the four partners of the Convention should resume the four partners of the Convention , once again , to their ability to fulfil the fabric of the Convention .
It must be distinguished between the advisory and the constitutional bodies .
The Convention must remain an informal body because it has shown that the representatives of the European Parliament in the Intergovernmental Conference are not sufficiently sufficient because we prefer the convention to be drawn up in the IGC , because we are convinced that all proposals will be carried out in this framework .
There is no separation between the issues of human rights which may be discussed in political bodies and on the other issues relating to institutional aspects which only require diplomatic bodies .
From Nice , it has shown that the Convention &apos; s agreement would allow us to make more rapid and more rapid progress and to strengthen our common operation .
Mr President , enlargement is the most important European project .
I would like to thank the Commission for its work .
But now the difficult part is .
We are now talking about speed .
The first enlargement is to be completed in Copenhagen , in Copenhagen in December 2002 .
That is the Commission &apos; s objective and we take it on board .
I would urge the forthcoming defence process to keep a close contact with the applicant countries and contribute to the way in which they are cleared up .
But , Mr President , not only the candidate countries should be adapted to us , we must adapt to us .
An EU with 27 Member States must learn to focus their forces on the major and cross @-@ border tasks .
We are not doing this at the moment .
You yourself said a year ago in Parliament , Mr President of the Commission , that the Union should be exempt from all - and I quote - &apos; low additions &apos; - to be exempted from the Council of Ministers and by Parliament .
They have repeatedly commented on &apos; ridiculous points &apos; and they have been quite repeated .
It is time to do something about it .
Perhaps we should be a little bit in favour of one thing , but at the same time a greater EU !
Tell us too many things to do so .
I suggest that you , Mr President of the Commission , will give an courageous Commissioner to the fight against small and less important regulations and that the conference of the national parliaments and the European Parliament on EC affairs , customs legislation , which violate the principle of subsidiarity .
In return , there must be a strong Commission , so that the Union is able to act in the other area .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a spectre is haunting Europe in Europe .
It is the spectre of the accident .
The trend towards Tibet - in the Council - has led to the impasse in Nice , and , Mr Prodi , we are the natural ally of the Commission .
The Commission and Parliament must work closely together on this issue .
If Parliament , Mr Prodi , sometimes the Commission &apos; s criticism , then this is not a fundamentalist breach of the Commission , but its democratic disintegration .
We do not doubt that this is closer to us .
National parliaments have been addressed .
I attach great importance to the fact that a Convention and not a forum for the next steps will take action , as the Council &apos; s representative , the Commission , Parliament and the European Parliament are in a democratic position .
We must not shy away from the absurdity of so @-@ called social groups .
It would be important if this is to be formulated in the Commission .
Moreover , we must consider the role of the national parliaments in the European process .
It is important that the national parliaments control the Council .
That is their task .
You have no toilets with the institutions like the Commission or even Parliament .
Therefore , when it comes to the participation of the national parliaments , it must be made in the legislative procedure of the Council .
They cannot limit the European Parliament &apos; s role .
We are also very keen to clarify these points .
The Commission will focus on asylum and immigration .
We will not be drawing up a European asylum and defence policy , but , as Mr Vitorino rightly said , individual directives are not .
But we need a common approach , which is still lacking and which the Commission needs to work .
This ought to be done - and I represent a very similar position , like the Commission , first and foremost taking place in the form of a comprehensive debate , which would be the first step in the form of a legislative debate , which would be the next step in the first stage .
This institution could , in itself , be based on the Convention which has drawn up the Charter of Fundamental Rights , the national parliaments and governments .
The results would then be confirmed by a short Intergovernmental Conference .
In this respect , we would , of course , address the four issues referred to by the European Council , including a matter which is in essence with the Commission &apos; s White Paper on good governance .
I would be interested to hear what the Commission had to do with the spreading of these two processes , especially given that they are uneven .
On the other issues which need to be addressed , the future of the High Representative and the question of extending Parliament &apos; s codecision powers to all legislative procedures , i.e. those which are currently being exempt , is the right approach .
We must also deal with the codification of the Treaties .
I would consider a specific procedure to be appropriate .
Perhaps we should complete a committee of experts from the Member States and the institutions in Florence this year , which could complete the task of codification and simplification of the Treaties so that political work can begin next year on the basis of a simplified and workable text .
That would be the case , and we could be able to devote our full political work to the issue .
That would be my proposal for further action .
Mr President , the agenda of the Heads of State and Government &apos; s agenda for the post @-@ Nice process is by political foresight and not by means of the need to prepare the Union for enlargement .
The issues are intended to make the citizens aware of the fear of a motion for a resolution to be dealt with by the Member States , but they are going to give the Member States a further reward .
A final division between European and national competences is not possible .
Cooperation is not an electoral process , but a dynamic process .
The issues which were at least were taboo , such as the euro , can prove to be more ambitious .
The criterion is the social necessity , and this cannot be substantiated .
A forum on the future of Europe is an excellent idea , but it is a good idea , but it is quite clear from the outset .
With regard to this future , there are totally different ideas on the part of the individual countries , in political parties and even within political parties .
If we want to restore the public &apos; s confidence , we must ensure that a more transparent and humane Europe is concerned , which is , therefore , a political structure , not renationalisation , but strengthening the political institutions of the Union .
These subjects are covered by the agenda so that it would be appropriate .
Mr President , I would firstly like to address a word on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 .
Never before before , it had been more explicit or more astonishing for the EU to do better but better .
This will also be the conclusion of the European Parliament &apos; s conclusion in the coming weeks when its committees are looking into this programme .
In view of some 600 initiatives , which are almost 200 % , there is a great deal to be desired , and at the same time we must put its own priorities .
When I come to the post @-@ Nice process , I would like to see it under the terms of the European future .
We look forward to the history of the European Union last century and the European continent of the last century .
Allow me to quote from a desk from Milan leading to the smile and insult &apos; book &apos; in which he says : &quot; people shout in a better future , but that is not true .
The future is a lesson which nobody wants to see , while the past has met with their face and prosper with their face , and so we want them to destroy them .
People want to be able to change the past in order to change the past . &quot;
Well , we have changed the past and Europe is different from the whole of Europe today .
The four following the Treaty of Nice still remains neither irrelevant nor irrelevant .
Our position on the key issues is clear .
We want more involvement of the national parliaments , and , on a systematic , constructive basis .
We would welcome a clearer division of powers in the Berlin declaration of the European People &apos; s Party , provided that it is not a pretext for strengthening the centre of the centre .
In addition to the simplification of the Treaties , it should not be a pretext for the introduction of a full European constitution , but this should not be used as a pretext for the establishment of a Charter of Fundamental Rights , especially if it is perceived as a homogenous Charter of Fundamental Rights .
All these issues deserve a public debate .
Although the past has been consulted again in the past , the officials of the various states , at the Intergovernmental Conference , were at the end of the day , in the case of Amsterdam and Maastricht .
This has to change in the next few stages .
There must be a genuine consultation of civil society , the expression of cultural and political openness which we can promote .
Mr Corbett quoted the chairperson of his chair .
I would quote ad Gasperi &apos; s treatment which , in my view , enables society with thousands of innocents .
Our debate on the institutional future of the EU must be extended to all society and must not restrict itself to the limited resources of the European Union from Brussels , and we must use the democratic potential of the Internet and the public interest from public opinion .
The EU must work towards a truly open society .
The citizens must have a say , including those in the candidate countries .
We should also consider a new date for the next Intergovernmental Conference .
The year 2004 is a timely time , and the Commission has little more power to act and it is a departure forward before its European elections .
In 2003 , the elections to the European Parliament , the elections to the European Parliament , will give citizens the opportunity to express their assent or rejection of some important decisions , and that enlargement will then be launched .
These are the important questions .
One of the central issues in Great Britain , as well as in other countries , where general elections are in place , is the future of Europe ?
In view of a Council of Ministers and of a Commission , it has become the wrong way to tackle Europe .
In Great Britain , the message in the face of the forthcoming elections is not clear : only the Conservatives can guarantee that the right solutions can be found in the post @-@ Nice process .
In order to secure the European future , most people in Europe would like to see the British people living in Europe , but not by Europe .
( Laughter and applause )
Mr President , unlike the previous speaker , I would like to quote from the previous speaker .
Whilst George Bush from the background of the label last night was said : the author is not , and I now come to the heart of my brief speech .
Anyone fifth in this world has no access to clean drinking water , for medical care and basic education .
The European Union , which is not just a trading block block , could make a major contribution in this area , but also a human and monetary policy .
Last year , on the basis of a Commission , the Council and Parliament on the budget for external assistance , the Community and Parliament agreed with regard to the budget for external assistance , which relates both to medical care and basic training , within the framework of the existing budget , not just as a whole .
These objectives have been set and additional staff have been provided .
The Commission &apos; s thinking is that the work is being worked on and no longer have a great deal more than a lot of budgetary expenditure and that we will be seeking direct results in areas which are also essential for development .
In this way , Europe could send a huge signal to us , showing that social issues are not only within the economic sphere but also a great deal of interest .
I hope that the Commission will be able to present an excellent record in this respect .
Mr President , the Nice Summit was not a success , and I would say that those who feel that Europe should take Europe into place .
From this point of view , it is not surprising that there is an increase in the debate on the post @-@ Nice process .
This debate should - and this is the most important thing - the Commission is in the end , in the end , in the process of procedures which are based on the Laeken Summit .
Our Parliament has now adopted the initiative for an interim report , and for a final report , which will be presented by the end of the year , that is to say , the appointment of the appointment , i.e. the appointment of the appointment .
Irrespective of this work , it is appropriate to have a few things now .
This is what our Group is also discussing .
Firstly , the main thrust of the Treaty of Nice must be defined in order to be able to give the right substance to the post @-@ Nice Summit .
There should be a need for democracy in the Union .
The mistakes which were raised in Nice , which are caused by qualified majority , but without Parliament &apos; s codecision procedure , is unacceptable , as this is unacceptable to both the national parliaments and the European Parliament .
This mistake must be corrected .
Secondly , the matter must be changed rather complicated .
The new rules will no longer be filled with the citizens , and this cannot be expected .
This debate on a clear demarcation level between national and European powers is not a threat , but rather a step in the right direction .
It would be better to establish a link between such a precise nature and the European Constitution .
Thirdly and finally , Mr President , we need to move away from all kinds of transaction , mainly by officials at a close level .
Far more effective than it was included in the drafting of the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I very much hope that the Commission will withdraw its proposal for the setting up of a forum because such a comprehensive body is not a suitable body .
A convention provides for the benefit of the national parliaments too .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I want to say nothing about Nice , after no one is listening .
Mr President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council , the Group of the European People &apos; s Party has been voiced very hard to say that he is not listening .
I am referring to the Commission &apos; s proposal on the issue of foreign and security policy .
There are two aspects , the geographical and content content .
In fact , I agree with the largest part of the Commission &apos; s geographical affairs in the Commission . There is no mention of the mention of the Middle East .
We have been in the past and I hope that in the future we will also be the most remote and civilian city for Palestine and the region .
I do not think it is sufficient to make a decision of a process which is a political choice .
We need a different role to play in the negotiations in the Middle East .
We hope that this will not only be the task of the Council and the High Representative , but we expect an important , creative initiative from the Commission .
In essence , we need the Commission &apos;s presence in the common European security and defence policy .
Our Parliament welcomes the development of Mrs Lalumière &apos; s report , but I would like to see my colleague Mr Nassauer the spectre of my colleague , especially in this area , of the flood of my colleague , particularly in this area .
Our Parliament wants a common , European security and defence policy .
The Commission is obliged to strengthen the adoption of this policy .
They want to make a contribution to crisis management and conflict prevention , and I find that good .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have one request to ask you : please start talks with the President of the Commission not during the debate during the debate , because he is not listening to him .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the Commission on his speech today and for his report on the year 2000 .
I would also like to highlight the important role of the European Union &apos; s Charter of Fundamental Rights in this report , and I congratulate Commissioner Vitorino on his important speech .
The fundamental rights of the European Union , Mr President , we now have to see how we have the Charter included in the Treaty .
Respect for fundamental rights is , of course , something which they are blocking within the European Union .
Therefore , I believe that all those initiatives which relate to the third pillar are of fundamental importance for this Parliament .
The chairman of our group , Hans @-@ Flemish Poettering , and many other speakers have expressed their opinion today .
For us , the phase of the communitarisation of Maastricht in Maastricht is extremely important .
In my opinion , there is an initiative which the Commission has outlined in its most ambitious terms and which we attach to the European arrest warrant .
I believe that in the European Union there should be no place for terrorists , for those terrorists who were occupied by another bomb in Madrid yesterday and who wanted to commit themselves to the lives of human beings .
Mr President , I am sure that this initiative , one of the Commission priorities , will soon become a reality .
I would therefore like to encourage you to go ahead .
Mr President , unfortunately I have to repeat the words which I had last year , that is to say that our Union is missing .
This is not an accusation to President Prodi or the Commission because the Commission undoubtedly works , or perhaps I would like to say something else .
It is , moreover , very much on many aspects .
No one is in a position to follow all the preparatory work carried out by the Commission and Commissioners , ready , communications or reports , let alone a mistake , let alone a mistake .
My first conclusion is that we should do less but better .
As President Prodi pointed out this morning , we cannot afford to allow you to get the finger on the tap .
We urgently need to establish what what in our Union is doing , i.e. to define the principle of subsidiarity .
And even though it has good legal reasons for this , the Commission should not be able to make a decision to build a blind eye to try to build a blind eye to the construction of a new network or decision @-@ making , because this falls under subsidiarity .
The President of the Commission was aware of this morning : he has asked questions , but it is not his job to ask questions .
The Commission has a right of initiative , it has to make proposals .
My time is not enough to continue this debate , but I have to say : if we want to build the new European Parliament , we do not need to be just a super @-@ pollination and , above all , an architects .
I hope , Mr President of the Commission , you will be horrendous .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to thank you for giving us an important discussion on the issue of what is going on today , on the question of what we want to take in Europe , or to give a response .
In this discussion , Mr President , the European Parliament should play an important role in the field , in which all the movements and all the signs of Europe are officially represented .
And , since today &apos; s discussion on all other quarters , the world &apos; s discussion has been marked by means of bridges , theatre and derive from the same colonial politicians , and I would also like to make a reference to you all well @-@ known political Conservative in Europe .
I am grateful to my colleague , Mr Antonio Ala , who referred to the aims of the people who have to be pursued by the people , who must be pursued by the people in order to make better future .
Mr President , I had hoped for Lisbon and Nice to see a more balanced level of employment in the Commission &apos; s work programme which hoped for employment , economic and social policy measures .
We need balanced progress in the internal market , competition policy and social policy , but that is hardly how the Commission programme can be used .
I have a lack of reference to saving these policies .
In the field of competition policy and the single market , for example , the merger regulation should be supplemented with considerations of the rights of workers including their social rights , including public procurement .
I feel that the recognition of this strikes relations would have been very important , but I have therefore avoided it .
In the field of economy and the internal market , development is far faster than the social sector , which can easily lead to imbalance .
I can hardly see any indication of the Commission &apos; s work programme in December in December .
We can expect further progress in the fields of open coordination , which now provides for the existing area of employment and , in particular , social protection .
At this point I would also like to raise a fundamental problem , namely that Parliament and its rapporteurs do not have the documents of the Commission in time .
In connection with these new forms of open coordination , we must also comply with the normal ones .
Furthermore , and the Commission &apos; s work programme , with its promises , the Commission &apos; s work programme , with its promise , to submit a Green Paper on the social responsibility of companies before the middle of this year .
A Green Paper of this kind must have a threat to the thousands of workers who have become victims of restructuring over recent weeks .
The legal framework in this area must be completely reviewed and I hope the Commission will act quickly .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we consider it to be very positive that you also take measures and initiatives to develop the Union in order to develop the Union in connection with asylum and migration .
However , I should like to demand a few fundamental points . We hope that the consequences will be taken and that you will also consider your initiatives to do with previous initiatives .
This care - and I should like to tell you about one example - is sometimes lacking , as has been discussed by the Conference of Presidents on such a point of view , which is discussed in the context of immigration policy , which is discussed in the context of immigration policy .
If family reunification is based on family reunification , that means the spouse which is young children , which is a very positive measure in the interests of a integration policy which we fully support .
If , in the same category , the circle of those who are supposed to receive the right to family reunification in the Union , then you obviously do not take account of the consequences , and that is also contrary to your communications with a future migration policy .
Furthermore , you will have the right to opt for the Member States to decide which and how many workers in the Union could find themselves in a contradiction in this direction , which is a contradiction in what you are positive .
Mr President of the Commission , we intend to continue to support you , but that will only be able to do this if your initiatives are not contradictory and if the initiatives are resolved , not new problems .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we agree that we need a knowledge @-@ based economy after Lisbon .
I am delighted that Mr Prodi has stressed the main importance of sustainable and unsustainable development whose effects on the natural environment are growing .
We welcome the rapid developments in the energy market , despite the fact that there is a risk of a gap between energy policy and the objective of sustainable development .
I hope that you will be consistent with the use of renewable energy sources and an economical approach to energy .
With regard to trade , we would also like to see a new WTO round , which should follow the constraints of sustainable and unsustainable development .
I should like to tell Mr Prodi about our deep disappointment at the fact that , once again , the European Parliament failed to include more in commercial matters .
I urge you to draw up a interinstitutional agreement which guarantees the involvement of the European Parliament in commercial matters .
We believe in the reform and democratisation of the WTO .
We believe that all goods against weapons are a good step , despite the fact that some of us deplore the delays that the least developed countries of the world would lead to , that we are not so serious with our commitment .
In the field of innovation and research , we face a detailed sixth framework programme .
The implementation and vague proposals will only delay the implementation and lack of implementation .
The research area is of course of great importance .
We consider the public information about benchmarking to be extremely important , especially in the fields of economy and innovation .
I am very surprised at Mr Ferber &apos; s reply to me .
Ferber ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
Mr President , you have not been surprised at the sitting , Mr President of the Commission , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen .
The Commission has presented an annual work programme for the year 2001 , and one can rest assured that it is a matter of great concern .
However , if I look around the year 2000 , i.e. the programme &apos; s work programme for this year , then I have already expressed the concern that we only have one mode of shifting at the end of the day and I have no longer had any time for new initiatives .
In other words , you should be able to consider whether you are not prepared to deal with what is going on in the post @-@ Nice process , i.e. the question of competences , whether you are not concentrating on the key issues , and whether you could , as the Commission , set out its work as an administrative body in this Europe .
In this way , you would like to ensure that you do not match so many items in the next or eight months , on the other , that people know what decisions are taken in this Europe .
I really would like to encourage you to encourage - and I have read everything with great interest , which is what you would like to suggest here - to check whether or not this is an important subject in the context of practical competences as not necessarily essential .
A second subject I would like to raise briefly because I am a committed representative for representative democracy .
I have a little concern in the light of the new governance approach .
It is the question of the role of an elected Parliament , which must be accountable to the citizens , even before the citizens , who are not responsible for this responsibility .
At the European level , many representatives of associations are once again coming back to us in their offices and one wonders where they are at home in the Chamber , who , in fact , are in Europe , who are in Europe ?
It is not acceptable for this new approach to be given to the effect that those who are not hostile to the transfer , while those that are the blocking , is that we , the European Parliament , will be disciplined .
President .
I believe you have spoken earlier .
My surprise was not to your person , but just on your speaking time !
Mr President , I can fully concur with what Mr Ferber said .
I am not going to say anything about the multitude of proposals that have been put forward in my scope , i.e. in the field of environmental and consumer protection .
I will not therefore say anything about this because I regret that half the year will be transferred to the next year .
In an German country , you would like to have tried .
However , it would not wish to seek new jobs which would not be available to them .
If you are talking about good governance , Mr Prodi , the good governance of your mission is to appreciate and determine your Commission and determine what is time @-@ consuming and more staff .
In order to determine governance in good governance ?
What is that actually ?
Does this mean transparency ?
Go for , Mr Prodi .
Would we all like to be very pleased about transparency , but we are more representatives of the discussions on the basis of the debate and with whom you can negotiate , more transparency ?
Let me say no more transparency .
And Mr Prodi .
Yes , I am in favour of reducing the procedures , including the cutting @-@ up procedure within the Commission .
I am also in favour of reducing the procedure in Parliament , but I say that there are agreements with industry ?
Look at the faster ?
And who is inspected ?
Who enshrined it if they do not work ?
Is that more democracy ?
You , Mr Prodi , are selected and confirmed by the Heads of Government .
However , we here in the European Parliament have been elected by the citizens of the European Union and are directly elected .
This European Parliament has a central role in civil society , as you are so keen to say , and I hope you will be aware of that in the form of society .
I would warn for all the Commission to change something , Mr Prodi , on this central role of this European Parliament .
Mr President , good governance seems to be the case for the Commission , in the case of governance , governance and governance , and I would therefore like to ask you , as a matter of urgency , that the European Parliament &apos; s decision @-@ makers are to be able to monitor the decision @-@ makers and the body which you monitor .
Mr President , last week , the corpses of twelve people were found by twelve people who tried to achieve the European Union last year .
Mr Prodi says that the European Union and its institutions should be closer to the citizens .
In my opinion , the issues relating to the implementation of the area of freedom , security and justice are certainly sensitive issues for citizens of the Union .
We are in a very strange state of affairs .
The Commission &apos; s legislative programme is well received by Mr Vitorino &apos; s proposals , and they are made clear in the scoreboard that there is a deadline for them and we can discuss and discuss them and discuss them .
There is a good communication on immigration - I hope Mr Poettering will be aware of the consensus that is based on a consensus on the continuation of a common policy .
The same applies to asylum and related cooperation , for example , as my colleague said , in combating terrorism .
The Council has stressed in Stockholm last week that the Council has embarked on the decisions taken by this European Council in Tampere ; but it is a very incomprehensible way of doing so .
There was no mention of any of the proposals that have been put forward on the table , an agreement , nor on other issues .
Mr Prodi , you said before this House that there will be delays in the implementation of these policies , and you said that it is not the fault of the Commission , and I would like you to say : Why must this be done ?
What will the Commission do to defend this part of the legislative programme , which I would like to stress , for a good programme ?
Thank you .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the few minutes I have given me not to respond to all the interventions I have given me , but I would like to highlight some of these points , but I would like to highlight some of them .
First of all , Mr Cox &apos; s speech has started to address the problem of the permanent theme of priorities with priorities , and not on the basis of the attack on a permanent basis .
It is , of course , possible , of course , possible for our arguments to be given more than the subject of the issue of the Court of Auditors , but , at some moment , it is a matter of urgency that we should simply proceed to the impression that the impression is that we should be able to give a view to the impression that we can give the impression that the impression is given to our policy .
I also believe that a government sometimes needs to be confused or tedious : we are trying to produce a minimum of minimum , but one that is just a minimum matter .
Today and in the last meetings we have presented a programme for strategic planning .
Parliament is certainly keen to appreciate the strict priorities , but these strict priorities need to be carried out , which will have to be an extremely pleasant document .
This is , however , the policy : it is a good vision and then it will be specific .
Secondly , Mr Hänsch and many other Members have underlined the fact that the Commission / Parliament are involved in cooperation .
Mr Hänsch also mentioned a common proposal between our two institutions .
I do not know whether this would be helpful ; of course we must work together to work together to reach a common decision , a common decision .
However , the definitions of these decisions may well be different from the point of view of the fact that , in the joint proposal , we continue to see a joint proposal in the committees , which is important , in order to bring forward the analysis and the difficult audits of the problems , and that is precisely what we are doing now .
We shall have to work for a complex timetable - and this is the third problem which has been raised here this morning and by Mr McMillan @-@ Weggen , Mrs Maij @-@ Weggen and many others .
We really have a difficult timetable : we are all talking about 2004 , but we are all talking about a total of the total changeover of Parliament and the Commission .
If we really want to achieve a coherent and closed way forward , it must clearly be concluded by the end of 2003 .
I would just like to issue this as a problem , because we know that the European elections will be held in the Spring 2004 , and then the new Commission will be appointed in January 2005 and then the new Commission is appointed .
That is why it is a year of the changeover , and I believe that this Parliament will , in fact , want to see its willingness to act in this important political context of the Union .
I am referring to this problem because I consider it to be dropped .
Such change cannot be achieved by two parliaments or in a transitional phase , a phase which the Commission does not have any authority or , at least , its mandate and its mandate .
I am taking this issue without a solution , but I think we need to consider the fact that we have established a date - the year 2004 - that we have to take account of the fact that we have to take account of the fact that we have to take account of the problems that have been taken into account .
Mr Swoboda , Mr Hänsch , Mr Hänsch , Mr Corbett and Corbett have referred to another point in which I would like to avoid any misunderstanding , which is how the major debate on Europe &apos; s part @-@ session is to be realised .
In principle , we are basically in agreement , and we will see whether we can manage to do good work and to ensure that civil society is actually involved in the debate .
In any event , this is our concern , and Parliament and the Commission must support each other in order to avoid this debate .
As far as distribution is concerned , I would also like to prevent any distortion of competition . I think it is time to enter into the debate on the future of Europe .
I would like to make it more specific , and I would like to make it more specific : we must establish a formal body after the Convention that has drawn up the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I repeat , according to the model , the model of the convention must be drawn up , it must probably be small and medium @-@ sized .
I only speak about the model .
However , we must develop this model .
I agree with Mr Barnier &apos; s proposal and the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
This body has to make proposals which do not necessarily provide unanimity because the time will come to the end of the day , because the time will come to a vote which will only be difficult to achieve unanimity .
That is why we need to think about a different audit body that is the same .
We have to work - and we must work - some basic principles .
Let me repeat once again : the European Parliament must be involved , and the national parliaments , the governments of the Member States and the Commission .
This is still the nature and the strength of the Union .
I have , of course , taken note of your concern that this body should not be too significant , and I share it , and I share it , and that is why the existence of these four structures will be difficult to confine themselves to .
However , we must ask ourselves to have a high representative representative of these four structures and to guarantee a sufficient number of members in order to ensure that the decisions and decisions are taken ; that decisions must be taken , not by unanimity , because the decisions will be made .
In my opinion , it will , in my opinion , be possible to cooperate and reach definitive proposals .
Allow me to make a further comment .
We are obliged to take two things : we want to participate in the candidate countries - and this participation is still not precise , but presumably they do not have a right to vote , but what is not yet clear .
We must do this , and we must also consider what we need .
Finally , we agree that we should go further on the four topics of Nice .
So let us be content on the content and then we can find an name on the basis of whether or not the assembly , the Council , committee or whatever .
In any case , I believe that this is the operational substance which we must pursue .
A number of other concerns have been raised about subsidiarity and proportionality .
I can assure you that this is a very guiding principle of our Commission , which is perfectly compatible with that we need to be able to make recommendations and to provide precise recommendations .
It was an interesting example .
It is not a question of God &apos; s desire to unify the veterinary system for airlines in Europe , but we must give our young workers the other , often giving assistance to their work .
The uniform European operation must not be prescribed compulsory , but it is undoubtedly an instrument which facilitates mobility within the different Member States .
We need common sense to recognise that there are things that we regulate and which sometimes seem to be contradictory , but who must be done to support our decisions .
There are also many other things that really are pointless .
Finally , I very much welcome what Mr Fiori and Mr Sakellariou have said on the Mediterranean policy .
We have little talked about this this year , which I think is understandable because we are right , quite rightly , for enlargement and the electoral system .
It is , however , a fairly clear programme for the Mediterranean , and I was in Israel and Palestine last month in Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia last month in Jordan , Morocco and Tunisia and last week .
I can assure you that there is a desire to call for a call for Europe , not only because of the economic problems , but also for the benefit that we have seen to the people of these countries .
However , there are two new , important demands which have been tabled by all of us : firstly , the transition from bilateral cooperation , that is to say , regional cooperation , which cannot be extended to the whole area but , for example , groups , for example with the Maghreb and Maghreb .
There is a strong desire for a Europe which we know that it is in its current form - as the European Union - every one of the most unprecedented past - that every one of the world &apos; s most undemocratic legacy has taken place , and this is a new , most practicable model for cooperation of these countries .
Secondly , the Union is also acting as partners for peace negotiations .
Of course , the international situation will depend on whether this issue can be resolved .
I am pleased to see this request before the European Parliament because he has made it explicitly , forcefully and forcefully in terms of the explanatory statement that we know that we know their problems in contact with them .
I am very disciplined when it comes to the Mediterranean , not just because I was born , but because I want to remind you that coexistence , peace , the discrepancies between regions and cultures are probably largely dependent on this area .
I should like to bear this in mind , too , because this was a way of thinking , and the Spanish Presidency has been discussing this issue with the Prime Minister of the Mediterranean , on the Mediterranean conference , which is to take place next year under the Spanish Presidency .
So it is absolutely necessary to prepare the preparatory work this year in order to prepare this policy .
I agree with what has been said here with regard to sustainable development .
However , I would like to reiterate that this is an extremely difficult area , but also extremely difficult chapters .
We often want to reassure our consciences , while sustainable development means that we have to take an extremely complicated and difficult decisions which will affect the industry , our life and the use of energy .
This is a challenge of great importance , which we must not forget , but we must take a great deal of effort and a great deal of responsibility if we do not just want to lose our conscience - and I repeat that we are doing something else .
I also want to see my concern of emigration , internal security and foreign policy .
Finally , I would like to appeal to the appeal that some of me have addressed and that we should not delay enlargement .
I must say that we cannot delay it .
The Swedish Presidency has made a strong and positive contribution to this issue ; Commissioner Verheugen has created a huge player in a massive tour of land , a chapter on the other .
It is now a critical stage of the major political decisions - agriculture , environmental policy , the Structural Funds , which are extremely difficult and , in our opinion , a maximum of political wisdom , because this is the original process which is currently taking place .
I have been quoted by Kofi Annan : the enlargement process is being considered by the United Nations , all of which is a very important sign of peace and civilisation in the whole world .
We must solve the concrete problems so that this message can really be achieved .
I would like to finish off with a comment on the request made by one of your colleagues , Mr Goebbels , to me .
The Commission is not just here to comment on these issues , but also in order to submit proposals and , if possible , to submit this European Parliament &apos; s request , , of course , your help , your cooperation and also under your control .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 12 noon .
However , I would like to start with the next debate , because we are going to be grateful after the day after the night sitting , and for each minute I would be grateful for each minute .
Company and mergers in industry
The next item is the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on the Commission &apos; s initiatives on the Community initiatives of restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , Commissioners , this question is directed at the Commission .
A few months ago , our President , Mrs Fontaine , at the Lisbon European Council expressed their concern about the disastrous effects of certain restructuring and mergers , on social cohesion .
She asked the Heads of State and Government to take the necessary measures to regulate this balanced approach and social impact , so that the necessary social accompanying accompanying accompanying measures can be carried out .
In this context , Mrs Fontaine highlighted an essential problem : how can the flexibility of companies and the essential security of workers be agreed together ?
There has been more restructuring since Lisbon .
We are now talking about three hundred mergers per year .
Every day there will be new housing systems for workers , but it is in the sectors that sometimes belonged to the old economy , i.e. the main part of the economy , or in the areas of new telecommunications .
The Nice Summit made very positive signals in this respect .
On thirty years , the Statute of the European company &apos; s Statute for the European company &apos; s constitutional component , and the adoption of the social agenda , gives priority to the importance of the European Council to improve the situation of the people of the Union .
With regard to this - I would like to underline the unanimity of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs today , to the Commission , to make it clear that this new political willingness should be taken and to make proposals .
So let us make the Commission clear commitments .
We want to make a better prediction of restructuring the social consequences of restructurings .
How do you intend to use the new European Monitoring Centre for relations , for example , the new European Monitoring Centre for relations , and its creation in the Dublin Foundation ?
We want the existing social directives to be examined on the basis of their application , as well as the new new measures which are being reviewed .
We are continuing to insist that you are required to propose the necessary changes in order to ensure that the work of workers is carried out on the basis of consultation and monitoring measures , in order to ensure that the rights of workers are complied with by means of infringements of the Commission &apos; s freedom of association and ensure that the social partners operate as much as possible .
We welcome the fact that the Commission is already drawing up the review of the current directive on European Works Councils , not just as it announced in 2002 , a review of the current directive on European Works Councils .
We also call on you to review the directive on mass redundancies with the aim of preventing the necessary measures to prevent cases of sanctions against the obligation to provide workers with access to workers .
We want to continue - and as we know , Mrs Diamantopoulou is not totally opposed to this idea , which is completely &apos; completely &apos; from a terrorist viewpoint &apos; , which I am sure I am sure - that internal competition policy is changed in the Commission in order to take account of social aspects .
Would it not be normal if a company in Brussels is to agree with the approval of a merger that the Commission will then be able to ensure that the minimum requirements for information and consulting workers are respected .
These are our demands , ladies and gentlemen , that they are symbolic to the public . They are legitimate to the public &apos; s position and are legitimate to do so , as the knowledge @-@ based economy is supposed to operate , as is the knowledge @-@ based economy ?
The vote on this oral question was approved unanimously in my committee , as is unanimous in the draft resolution before us today .
I must add that the Liberal Group has tabled another proposal .
As we have the same thinking as our liberal friends , who voted for the first resolution , and in particular the question of my committee , we take note of our liberal friends .
In this regard , nobody should see a conflict ; we will be dealing with it , because we have done so in complete agreement with the Liberal industry .
Commissioners , we await your responses with impatience .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Europe must confront the need for economic restructuring and social consequences , by making innovation and social cohesion better and better to improve changes .
Our positive and proactive response to change is three important areas : improvement of our capacity , change and changes to the Monitoring Centre in Dublin , and the promotion of legal systems for workers , and the development of the social growth of companies , and the development of the social growth of companies .
The creation of a monitoring centre for industrial change is one of the actions adopted at the Nice Summit as proposed at the Nice Summit as proposed at the Nice Summit .
This is a matter of great importance , given the current situation in terms of mergers and acquisitions .
The Dublin Foundation has included this initiative in its four @-@ year programme .
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation for Energy , the work programme for 2001 is only the training of the Monitoring Centre .
This will create the bases for further operation of the Monitoring Centre for 2002 , provided that additional funds will be provided .
The directives of the 1970s and the transition from companies have been put into line with the background of full employment and the transition from companies to the background of full employment and changing change .
Since then , the situation in the economy has changed radically .
In other words , the provisions of these directives do not meet the requirements of workers and employers .
Today , the emphasis is aimed at promoting flexibility , the distribution of employability , employability and adaptability .
We can only overcome the weaknesses in the current rules and to make the national systems of transport more effective , if we are consistently aware of the protracted and long @-@ term issues of economic and long @-@ term economic issues in each company .
That is the purpose of the proposal submitted by the Commission on informing and hearing .
If this overall framework is adopted and implemented fully , the specific provisions of redundancies and transition to company redundancies would also make sense , firstly , to prevent such crises in working relations .
However , if they are not to be prevented , it would certainly not be possible to adapt those who were normally left on the route in time , in good time , and that they would be able to adapt to the changes in the employment situation .
I know that you fully support this approach and share the Commission &apos; s satisfaction that progress has been made in this sensitive area .
With your support and the political will of the Council , we should be able to reach the proposal before the end of the year and that would be a major step forward .
I also share your view that the directive on European Works Councils should sooner or later be updated .
However , we could be an evaluation of the enormous experience of the directive in the practical implementation of the directive .
However , there are still some more important measures which are also very close to us .
First of all , we need to deal with the dossier on information and consultation .
At the end of last year , an important and long @-@ term document was finally adopted , i.e. the European company statute .
That is why it is worth noting that , in this context , many more competitive companies in Europe will be able to decide in particular , in particular , for these new changes in Europe , if they are to be finalised and to adjust to new economic and market conditions .
One of the great characteristics of this statute is the fact that there are broad provisions on the involvement of workers which are in line with the establishment of workers which , in the proposal , comply with the nine @-@ year @-@ up approach , which is also expressed in the proposal for consultation and consultation at national level .
This will undoubtedly strengthen the social dimension of Europe &apos; s social dimension in Europe .
The adoption of the documents to the European company has paved the way for five other legislative proposals , and these are three types of association envelope , bureaux and enforcement in the draft directive on existing mergers and the transfer of an listed group in another Member State .
All these instruments require the same sort of provisions as they apply for European directors .
This is another reason why we should wait for the revision of the directive on European Works Councils , which can only benefit from the debates on these other subjects .
These debates will undoubtedly enable us to make appropriate solutions to the appropriate solutions which we will be presenting to you as soon as we are concerned .
I know that the House is looking for information and the hearing of workers in connection with mergers and takeovers .
As you know in the past , we are discussing how we can deal better with these concerns in the Commission .
According to the merger regulation , workers and employees in some cases now have the right to hearing the right of hearing the Commission to check whether the merger is compatible with the provisions of the EC Treaty .
We have before us a systematic system of time .
In addition , we could remind them of their responsibilities and obligations regarding the speeches and information of workers who are often affected by these measures .
Because social cohesion is now one of the most important priorities in Europe , responsibility cannot be given exclusively to public compliant .
The private industry is expected to make their contribution - as any other part of society - their contribution .
Therefore , the social responsibility of companies is now an essential part of the European strategy for social cohesion .
In the social field , a company will then be responsible if it is to be profitable and economically inclusive and in its social responsibility .
As reaction to the Lisbon Summit in June 2000 , the Commission launched this issue in its social sense in June 2000 and stresses how important it is to ensure that the social and social consequences of economic and social consequences are adapted to the requirements of the new economy and adapted conditions for workers &apos; requirements .
It has announced a communication to support initiatives relating to social responsibilities and to re @-@ establish change .
Furthermore , the Commission is planning to present a Green Paper this year on the development of a framework for social responsibility at European level .
Finally , I would like to say that we only have the cooperation between the various measures that I have mentioned and the contribution of public authorities , private organisations , private organisations , workers and both sides of industry at all levels to find a reasonable solution to the social consequences of industrial change and water policy .
Each of these measures is important and each individual requires a more rigorous and consistent approach to the decision @-@ makers .
I know that you share that view and I thank you for your support .
Ladies and gentlemen , I have received a motion for a resolution by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
Mr President , this is not exactly the time for such a debate .
I am very pleased with the reply from the Commissioner .
In my opinion , it is , above all , in the interests of a number of people working in the interests of a number of people working in order to achieve what we are trying to achieve with this question .
Every restructuring is being discussed , whether our institutional structure is suitable for the handling of such cases .
That is also understandable .
The EU Treaty , in particular Article 136 , is also the task of the Union .
Clearly , there is a certain amount of argument : one side should have a certain degree of argument : the companies must ensure their commercial growth and thereby ensure that the problem of structural unemployment in Europe contributes to the problem of structural unemployment in Europe .
On the other hand , there is a moral obligation to consult workers .
In this connection , I would like to mention an example in Germany .
If this transfer is to be implemented , it is possible to resolve a further more rapid problem than if this is not the case .
The transformation of restructuring , which is currently taking place in other European countries , is in fact taking place in some of the European countries in which there are clear differences .
This is why it is essential that this issue should be set up as soon as possible , preferably under the chairmanship of the presidency .
This is what we want to achieve .
As far as the motion for a resolution is concerned , Mr Rocard has quite rightly pointed out that he has tabled the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
However , there are still some changes to be made to emphasise how necessary it is to make companies as much as possible .
This kind of intention is implicitly contained in the resolution , but it is not as concise as we would have liked .
We are therefore voting in favour of the resolution , subject to the amendments which may , of course , be discussed by Thursday .
Mr President , Members of Parliament on this side of the House want to put no end to restructuring , but it is because it is in a socially viable manner .
We want to see a more proactive approach to economic restructuring and the change in this way .
We are in the process of drawing up a social responsibility , but it will only be possible to take reality if we have a focused and legal framework in this area .
We are in a real partnership with the advantages of the European Union .
But the recent results of success in the UK and throughout the European Union show that we are still far removed from this .
Frankly , the workers in the north @-@ west of England , in Wales , the workers in North Ossetia and Wales , workers in France and the workers of Danone , have to take the idea of a resurgence of social responsibilities , as I have already said .
The promise of a Green Paper to submit a Green Paper is not a satisfactory response to the despair of these workers , their families and communities .
We demand a review of the legal code of mass redundancies and the transition from companies and the transition to European Councils to ensure that the directives are respected and not systematically undermine the directives .
We also have a long way to adopt the general framework for consultation and information on workers .
Only in this way can we be able to provide information and hearing a genuine partnership , together with a genuine partnership , a partnership which can help improve innovation , competitiveness and productivity .
We want a real partnership .
We are tired of making a directive dependent on others , under the pretext that the directive on European Works Councils can only be reviewed if we have more practical experience in this respect and the statute of the European Court of Justice .
Yes , there must be links , but we must adopt this package now and adopt this package in order to improve the quality of information and consulting employees .
In our opinion , we could adopt a review of the framework legislation in this form , together with the new Monitoring Centre for industrial change , in order to achieve a more proactive approach to industrial change in the European Union .
I would like to appeal to the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
The House asked us in January to examine the problem of restructuring within the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
We have done that .
We asked an oral question and in the spirit of cooperation tabled in the spirit of cooperation .
I would like to ask the Liberal Group in this spirit of cooperation to withdraw its extremely simplistic motion .
That would be helpful .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , sometimes do you have the impression that this Parliament is suffering from the environmental conditions ?
A year ago , we have had the same debate on 17 February .
I do not think that this is a very worrying issue , even on 27 October 1999 .
What do Europe need ?
In Lisbon , the Union was agreed on the world &apos; s most competitive area , which is the most competitive area , and Parliament has supported this objective by overwhelming majority .
On Thursday , we are holding a debate on the implementation of the European research area and the necessary investments in research , technological development , innovation and education .
As ever , more than ever , the competitiveness of companies is the best competitive competitiveness of companies because if they are not competitive .
From this point of view , it is sometimes inevitable that companies are able to restructure and sometimes develop painful measures , such as Parkinson &apos; s insurance system , and the workers , as well as the workers .
Naturally , the rights of workers are respected in the various EU directives .
You will understand that Mr Rocard &apos; s Group does not agree with Mr Rocard &apos; s motion for a resolution and not so little of the resolution of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs because it demonstrates that the European Parliament has a fairly selective memory .
In fact , the joint resolution only mentions the agenda for the agenda of the Nice social agenda , in Lisbon .
We will therefore have a number of amendments in the spirit of Lisbon &apos; s objectives .
Mr Rocard does not appear to be able to reply directly to Mr Rocard , but because he is mistaken .
However , we shall withdraw our motion for a resolution .
Mr President , given the recent examples for restructuring , we unfortunately have not , unfortunately , been able to choose a better time for this issue .
As has already been mentioned , there is a prime example of a company which is a prime example of a company which takes its decisions into its decisions and , in all of all , the disastrous social effects of its actions , and not the disastrous social effects of its actions .
In Wales , a total of 6 000 jobs has been announced in the UK , almost 3 000 jobs in Wales .
Despite repeated stories of events , the company has not been prepared to inform the government before the official meeting on 1 February , and let alone its employees on their plans .
There was no prior prior consultation of the workers , despite the fact that the company has announced its decision as called &apos; hearing &apos; .
According to speculation , Danone , a perfectly non @-@ governmental company , is being transferred to 3 000 jobs .
This too has not been the case , either the majority of us , nor have discussions on Fridays .
This is why we must not lose sight of the adoption of the directive on informing and consulting workers , and the revision of the directive on European Works Councils and the directive on European Works and Financial redundancies , which has been very little protection in my constituencies .
We cannot allow companies to treat the lives of people and communities such as their lives .
There is a final framework for control measures and sanctions that we can use .
We must ensure that they are applied also .
Mr President , given the mergers and restructuring industry in the industry , which leads to thousands of jobs , many workers and citizens of Europe are responsible for green or even on account of the rules of free competition .
It is high time that workers should be responsible for workers .
There is a lack of clarity between the Council and the Commission , the priority which has been afforded to employment and the commercial redundancies of large companies , which are at the same time capital .
Michelin , Danone , Danone , Herman Schmid , are not companies which are ill .
They are competitive because they are more than sufficient profits , but they will create thousands of jobs .
The Danone case is 10 000 across Europe , 3 000 women in France .
In 2000 , the European works of this society have been a loss of EUR 429 million , which is 17 % more than 1999 .
We can no longer afford to engage in these new mergers , women and men in unemployment , and all the families in distress are dying .
The citizenship that we are so often talking about in this society remains a mere illusion , as long as the workers are to take decisions , from which their future and country are dependent on their future and country .
How can we also accept the fact that companies which have been given the commitments to the public service which do not fulfil their commitments ?
This aid ought to be the case , in such cases , the community , which must pay for the social consequences of making decisions in favour of financial profitability at the expense of employment .
In my opinion , the problem cannot be raised on the basis of employability and adaptability and not just to fix the social consequences , as the Commissioner has done .
That is why I have supported the proposals made in the resolution and support the amendments to clarify and strengthen certain aspects .
In order to fulfil the democratic requirements of employees and citizens , further action is required .
For this reason , I believe that the extension of the rights will have to be planned until the period of suspension will be planned and to end up the current monitoring process .
Any environmental clauses must include social clauses .
sanctions must also be made to comply with the non @-@ compliance directives .
At a time when there is a lot of European identity and the appropriateness of its way , I think it is a text which seems to me to be the least of workers &apos; rights to the financial interests of the workers to give the Union a real choice .
I shall therefore vote in favour of the resolution which , I hope , will be added to a number of amendments .
I have received a motion for a resolution pursuant to Rule 42 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
Since the time allotted is to vote , the debate will be adjourned ; it will resume at 3 p.m .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
VOTE
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report without debate ( A5 @-@ 0021 / 2001 ) by Mr Dover , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the Commission &apos; s report on the effects of the transitional period , which was granted to the United Kingdom for the implementation of the transitional period of Directive 94 / 33 ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ Security / 2001 - C5 @-@ Security / 2001 ( COS ) )
Parliament adopts the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) by Mr Zimeray , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens , on the request for the waiver of the immunity of Mr José e Castro ( 2000 / 2154 ) )
( Parliament adopted the proposal for a resolution )
Recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism
( The President declared the common position approved )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on the safe statistics relating to safer statistics and unloading procedures ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ Agenda / 2000 ( COM ) ( COD ) &#93;
Before the vote on Amendment No 4 ( PSE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I propose an oral amendment to this amendment to replace the words &apos; professional skills &apos; .
President .
Are there any comments ?
MacCormick ( Verts / ALE ) .
Mr President , the interpreters gave the oral amendment to the oral amendment .
However , the voting list is &quot; rationalised &quot; .
&apos; expertise &apos; is the right word .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 ) by Mr Bakopoulos , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism
The proposal for a European Parliament regulation and Council regulation on the Committee on Budgetary Control on maritime safety and the revision of the regulations on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by ships ( COM ( 2000 ) ( COM ( 2000 ) ( COM ( 2000 )
- ( COD ) The proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive to amend the directives on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by ships ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 - 2000 / 2154 ( COD ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation on the management of the Irish Sea in the Irish Sea ( COM in the Irish Sea ( COM ) ( COM ) ( CNS ) )
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE- Report ( A5 @-@ 0029 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) In order to justify European aid , the rapporteur is referring to the difficult economic situation in Cambodia and of the implementation of the action plan to be carried out in this region , but it must be careful to avoid the serious responsibility of the competencies of the Soviet powers , but also France and the United States .
When it comes to a simple , Islamic help of Europeans as a loss to compensate for years , and destruction in these two countries , then our approval would , of course , be our approval .
We have therefore abstained from these reports .
Dover report ( A5 @-@ 0108 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) The United Kingdom undertook to implement the regulation on the sufficient level of working time and working hours of young people .
The Commission and the report propose that this derogation should lead to this derogation .
We could have been pleased to see that the United Kingdom will apply rules to the world of employment , to offer young people more protection in the world .
But , in actual fact , the complete agreement reached between Conservatives and Labour , the Liberals and the Social Democrats on the end of this transitional period have been reached , and the fact that , according to the report itself , it will be sufficient to ensure that the necessary flexibility is sufficient to ensure that the necessary flexibility is adequate for young people .
This proves that this regulation will not only be evaded by the European institutions , but it does not even protect the use of young people in their application .
We have therefore voted against this report .
Unfortunately , the position of the British young people , through the adoption of this resolution , will hardly improve the situation .
For , because the scandal of the British derogation ( the United Kingdom ( the UK ) , the directive on reducing the work of children and young people does not fully take account of the needs of young people and young people .
On the contrary , this debate should have been an opportunity to make progress in order to remove all the derogations which will lose any real effectiveness .
In any case , it is absolutely justified that the young people of 14 or even 13 years have all been able to adopt any work ( Article 8 ( b ) , or during the holidays ( Article 8 ( b ) or during the holidays ( Article 8 ) .
Nor can the derogation be justified , according to which young people below 18 per week , more than 40 per week , should be able to work more than 8 per week ( Article 8 ) or even night ( Article 9 ) .
There is no justification for the fact that , in private or work , there is no justification whatsoever in the German or work campaign , Article 2 ( 2 ) .
It is not enough to condemn child labour in Asia or Africa if we are not protecting our young people from economic exploitation and work , which is damaging to health , security and development , and they do not guarantee their own independent training .
- I wholeheartedly support Mr Dover &apos; s report , which aims to improve the working conditions of young people in Britain .
The report provides for the United Kingdom to comply with the provisions of a directive dating from 1994 , which limit the working hours of young people per week and 40 hours per week , despite certain conditions and certain types of employment .
Employment and the employment of young people is vitally important for our young people and our economy .
We must do nothing about what could be the employment prospects of young people in Britain .
Sometimes , they have used their young workforce , but they do not have any real reason to work longer .
There are very serious risks and difficult working conditions to deal with the health and productivity of our young people .
It is therefore crucial that the working time will be monitored and prevented employers in the exploitation of young people .
It is harmful and irresponsible .
We must stop them and protect our young people from the exploitation of the exploitation and the destruction of military personnel and protect them from pressure .
We already have legislation to reduce the working time for young people .
We only need to ensure that they are complied with .
To this end , the sensible measures which the Commission has proposed should contribute .
It does not seem to me to be a certain irony that those who attack the interference of the Brussels bureaucrats are calling for this report to be rejected on social policy .
This makes a clear attitude towards the European approach to Europe .
The Labour Government is committed to whole job creation for young people and for measures to be protected .
I urge the House to support the protection of young people in Great Britain and vote in favour of this report .
Savary report ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for this report to support the railway services in Europe because a European railway system is an important objective for the Union .
Before I go back to Strasbourg , I am speaking of some pensioners who have been working on this report under the chairmanship of Mr Hatzidakis , who , in this context , would like to travel to the European train and we would like to travel to the train by Europe and we would like to travel freely .
That is why we want to see ourselves , clever restaurants , restaurants and television .
The Union can and must give us this .
Mr Hatzidakis will be able to make this possible . &quot;
Mr President , in the light of the forthcoming accession of Central and Eastern European countries in the Union , a higher rail transport network is becoming more and more important in the Union , which is why it is necessary to combine national networks on a single European network .
An important step towards a trans @-@ European rail network is an essential step towards the pricing of the differences established by the various railway companies .
Another important step forward is to create the creation of congestion and the removal of studios in the less favoured regions or remote regions .
The development of infrastructures will also be the opportunity to participate in the internal market and to benefit from them .
( FR ) I welcome the example of the Savary report on the interoperability of the railway system which , without amendments , fully accepted the Council &apos; s common position , because this common position contains 33 amendments from first reading .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that the future of European transport should necessarily be the flagship of the railways .
As has been stressed often , the European Union has had to make its investments still more dependent on national situations .
It is obvious that these national differences , despite the many advantages of this friendly product , represent a considerable obstacle to the development of rail transport in Europe .
At the same time , the completion of the internal market has led to a substantial increase in the volume of traffic in the European Union , but , in particular , it is also important to take action in road transport .
There are many causes for the railways , such as the fact that this is based on national aspects .
There is no single market for railway services at Community level .
Furthermore , the railway networks are not always in line with the new forms of economic activity and the concentration of economic activity and the lack of progress in the electoral process .
Apart from that , it is clear that the future of European transport should be the fast speed of the railways .
If I have noticed this , then I am convinced that the railways should be a central role in the search for the European Union .
Every day , the European citizens suffer from environmental pollution , traffic traffic traffic traffic problems and environmental control , which has ever grown over the past 30 years .
The objective of sustainable mobility is therefore closely linked to the reorganisation of rail .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament has been able to adopt amendments which require more important social provisions , including professional qualifications and conditions for employment and safety at work .
Some sensitive points have also been taken by the Council , and this applies to the protection of the existing railway system , the adoption of a derogation or the definition of special cases regarding the situations of those countries which are exempt from the rest of the Community or with regard to the difference .
The Council &apos; s common position is also realistic , as it contains a sound work programme and takes account of the problems inherent in the railway sector .
For all these reasons , I voted for the Savary report .
- ( FR ) We have voted in favour of this report because the interoperability of trans @-@ European rail systems must be promoted .
At present , it has been achieved and must be new .
At the same time , we need to shift more transport to rail , to curb roads .
But , behind the commendable objectives of the rapporteur about the revitalisation of the railway sector , the spectre of liberalisation is a spectre of liberalisation , because the report also aims to contribute to opening up transport and transport systems as a whole in order to promote the competitiveness of the railways as a whole .
On this point we have deep reservations about this , because we reject liberalisation in principle .
- ( FR ) If we really have to find a fiscal instrument on air traffic control , the railway networks in Europe must be harmonised in Europe .
I can only agree with the rapporteur on this point .
In addition , it seems to me that social standards , vocational training and safety conditions and safety conditions in the workplace are being created in the process of building up a trans @-@ European rail system .
In my opinion , however , it is important to ensure that harmonisation is based on the political achievements and not the disadvantage of the users and employees of this sector .
However , there is a dangerous lack of clarity : what is the interoperability of railway networks ?
Within the framework of the public service , public services as a guarantee of qualified qualified jobs and security , or a market of competition , is an unfair market ?
The fact that the three directives of the Rail Package were concluded by Parliament and the Council that Europe will see the future of trans @-@ European transport systems in this second context .
Van Dam report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , what I would like to say is to vote in favour of the Van Dam report on safe observation and unloading conclusions ?
In this case I was discussing the Fatuzzo system .
Let me say &apos; irreparable &apos; because what you are not aware is that I would actually have liked to have gone into the way in which I would have liked to see the sea at sea .
My colleague , Mr Fatuzzo , who I did not have was , said , but I would like to say : &quot; Do you look at sea for years . &quot;
I have read this report , which is why I have to say , Mr Fatuzzo , but I must tell you , Mr Fatuzzo , in your capacity as a Member of the Member , that the ships are going to go down because they are too old .
It will also be better for the old and no more expensive vessels to be put in retirement when they are to be put in retirement . &quot;
I do not know now whether I would like to thank the Members of the European Parliament and Mr Fatuzzo !
- ( FR ) In addition to the fact that the total shipment of fish produced in the last few days , other vessels are in a deplorable state of origin .
This has perhaps caused less dramatic consequences than those who have died , but which are tragic , if one proves that , in the last ten years , 146 murders were lost over the last ten years .
By voting in favour of the report , we voted for specific measures to strengthen the safety of veterinary safety and their crews .
However , we want to emphasise the contradiction between the concerns expressed in the report with regard to safety and the risks mentioned in the report , which mentioned the dangers expressed in the report .
In order to try to use the profits of the teaching and interests of those who are to be protected , then safety will inevitably affect the wayside .
It is a good thing that the captain should give the captain the opportunity to prevent or destroy the way it sees it as dangerous for the occupation or ship .
However , it would be pointless to overlook the fact that the laws of the vessel &apos; s competition and nepotism ( including the labour market ) , including the labour market , runs that the theoretical instrument of the master would be a little more dangerous , and sometimes endless and sometimes endless and even destruction and working conditions on the vessel .
In ten years &apos; time , almost 150 million has been lost , and 800 people have died .
This is the disastrous outcome of the competition and laws of the market .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that the physical state and lack of training of the flight is the main reason for these disasters .
It is therefore essential that , in the first place , the control of vessels and flight and working conditions should be extended in the first place .
I therefore support all the standard measures to strengthen safety standards , the distribution of water and the responsibility of ports , and the responsibility of the ports .
However , the human rights and financial conditions must be created in order to implement the legislation in the Member States , particularly by increasing the number of tobacco systems .
Furthermore , the control of the nuclear administration and the elimination of impunity in the nuclear chain must be accompanied by the ability to take account of the ability and charterer to pay greater responsibility , thereby creating the opportunities for legal and financial penalties .
I will vote for all the proposals that are heading in this direction .
Bakopoulos report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) I have no doubt that , in relation to the issue of safety at sea , I was bound to vote in favour of Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report on the creation of the Committee on Budgetary Control and the prevention of pollution by ships .
This time , by e @-@ mail , I have been working in a time when I was talking about 21 years ago , when I was talking about 21 years ago , in my political activity , as a terrorist attack between New York and the Bahamas at the Bahamas of the 21 .
This man called for a man @-@ driven attack , which has now been broken , said : &quot; You are working in the European Parliament with security in maritime transport and the prevention of marine pollution ?
This is a good thing , but you are also in your midst with the safety of our sailors ? &quot;
&quot; But surely , I replied .
&apos;Long @-@ accepted , they will be reports which relate to &quot; .
- ( FR ) The rapporteur &apos; s proposal to create a &quot; Committee on maritime safety &quot; and the prevention of pollution by ships who are currently intended to implement the existing committees is another step towards the renationalisation of Community policy on safety , but also new opportunities to improve control at Community and international level .
However , the recent accidents in the Erika and the defence chain have led us to bear in mind that the best resolutions can do nothing if the requirements for their application and enforcement are created .
For this reason , the Member States must be forced to apply existing legislation , particularly those in the field of prevention of pollution , the monitoring of training and management facilities for fishermen and the working conditions .
This requires improvement in the numbers and the quality of the inspection and the public &apos; s financial responsibility , but also to the greater financial responsibility of all operators , i.e. those , procurement and societies .
I have voted in favour of this report in order to avoid the maritime pollution of the sea and the negligence of the report .
Nicholson report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I am not in favour of Mr Fatuzzo , as I could not refer to the &quot; untreated &quot; , i.e. cod .
I will leave the interpreters at this stage to extend these important and definite justification in the other languages .
Today , 13 February , and this is St. Valentine &apos; s Day , the day flies .
We have to recognise the ability of the European Parliament to take the right time to use the right time for the summer of the Irish Sea , and the fact is that a directive on the attitude of the Irish Sea is to be postponed until 30 February .
In view of the importance of the fish , especially the European Parliament , the European Parliament has done a good job .
A cigarette packet on the desks and the electoral process !
And on the contrary !
That concludes the voting .
( The sitting was suspended at 7.43 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
restructurings and mergers ( continuation )
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the Commission &apos; s initiatives concerning the social effects of restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , Mr Moscovici @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council , the Charter of Fundamental Rights has been a major step towards the construction of Europe &apos; s citizens . This is what Mr Méndez de Vigo is asking for several times , and I understand it has been several times by the President of the Spanish Government , José María María , who has spoken in the Convention on drawing up the Charter .
I believe that what Europeans like .
The creation of a social Europe in this long process seems to me to be the great challenge and the great opportunity that we cannot miss .
But this structure will take place at a practical time , in certain economic , social and political terms .
The Lisbon Summit decided to liberalise the markets of telecommunications , gas , electricity and transport .
We are in a process of general globalisation and the organisation of the industrial sector and the labour market .
And we can ask ourselves to ask ourselves .
In both Nice and the social agenda decided at this meeting , the social agenda , which is decided at the meeting , is the need to include workers in terms of management and to reconcile security and flexibility in the social field .
We must therefore not forget the importance of globalisation in certain regions and areas , for example , for example , for example , for the outermost regions such as Galicia , where I come from , where the risk of globalisation is the only one or the risk of globalisation without guarantees of globalisation .
Secondly , we must not have economic competitiveness and a healthy society in complete terms .
Thirdly , industrial restructuring in the widest sense of the term &apos; s term , which is perhaps unacceptable , is to prevent the social consequences of this restructuring and to prevent the social consequences of this restructuring , because economic policy and economic action must be put in place by a high level of employment .
Fourthly and finally , the national Community &apos; s national Community aid , veterinary networks , etc , and so forth , must be linked to the long @-@ term establishment of employment and local development .
These four points are only some of the considerations or considerations that need to take into account the Commission and Council .
Of course , it is in the interest of the participation of the telecommunications and civil representatives of workers .
Globalisation , Mr President , is reduced to economic differences .
We must ensure that they do not increase the social differences .
Mr President , Commissioner , the electoral process , because it is not a disguised restructuring of industry , are those who are going to join , concentration of industry and concentration of self @-@ economic behaviour .
They have been pushed behind with technological backwardness and has never been studied , but has never been investigated .
Do we know how much they have contributed to the depopulation of the people and regions ?
What is the price of the price they can actually achieve from the outset ?
How much longer do they involve long @-@ term unemployment between people over forty years ?
How do they ensure that the real growth in the European Union is between long @-@ distance and long @-@ term years ?
The Lisbon resolutions should give a response to these points by priorities for employment , the sustainability of social protection and the protection of social exclusion and the use of social change .
We do not know how much it helps to increase the cost of social security , and we do not know how many other people will then depend on the flow of information .
Who has paid for the social restructuring ?
The market or the infrastructure and workers ?
It is impossible to use and provide balanced and balanced change .
The social partners say no to this , and they even have a document on the implementation of the guiding principle of European society with regard to information and consultation .
Commissioner , we have also heard that the market is not undermined and that political forces must intervene with legislation , institutional measures and social dialogue .
Equality of social insecurity and increasing crime is taking shape in society &apos; s economy and the so @-@ called new economy .
The Portuguese Presidency , French and now the Swedish Presidency have created expectations by making the relevant dossiers so far .
But the implementation of the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 is not recognised .
Mr President , nothing justifies the need to maintain a large number of workers in the streets of mergers or restructurings some of their employees in the streets , while a small proportion of their private profit is lost .
The total failure , the Danone , investigative , investigative , police and his associates , the Danone and his associates , have been paid by both their employees and the regions responsible for reducing unemployment , which is often slow .
We are against the political balances which justify this House and elsewhere .
It only shows that they do not represent the interests of society in any way , but only the industrial operators and their owners and their owners and shareholders .
But we are also opposed to those who engage in the social consequences of this restructuring , but not the slightest binding measures to prevent it .
In addition to the ban on any new market workers , profits are nothing more than talk about the ban .
We assure the workers of these companies who oppose their actions against them , our full solidarity .
They have the only right to be elected in this economy , where the law of the jungle is concerned .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mrs Plooij @-@ van Gorsel expressed her surprise in this House this morning and expressed its concern about the fact that we are often dealing with this issue in our Parliament and asked for it to be done .
Community legislation is insufficient , they are not being applied or applied to many cases .
As a number of my colleagues have done , we could cite a long list of cases which we have dealt with in the past few years .
The European Council set the objective in Lisbon to promote greater and better levels of employment levels .
How can the objective of a competitive union be achieved with greater and better jobs ?
Greater coordination and balance between the various policies of the Union , but there is no doubt that the relevant Community legislation must be more effective and more stringent .
That is why we cannot wait for any longer - and this is why the Commission has to assume its responsibilities - that a review of directives on the creation of a European tourist company will be carried out without hesitation , without adequate punitive sanctions for the case of failure to comply with the case of failure to comply with failure .
The European Parliament cannot continue to adopt such a stance .
Mr President , on 2 February , a fifth @-@ DE week appeared to be found in a fifth of the working @-@ acid boy , a fifth of the workers &apos; office .
In the meantime , it was written to read : &quot; Back in the White Paper &quot; .
As far as the ornamental procedure is concerned - a shame was that I am not able to make it possible for you to be able to make it quite clear : at the bottom of the day , the attack on the name of an 85 @-@ liberal disposition from Wales and in Tanzania was an appalling reflection that , as the profits have risen , the profits have risen .
Such reports will lead to every day .
In this way , what are we talking about : what are there today ? What does there actually exist ?
Will companies only see profits from or see their mandate in a fixed framework ?
In the Netherlands , the Economic and Financial Policy has just made two important comments in the Netherlands : once again , on the subject of the title , the title of tax breaks with the title &apos; fees &apos; and the import of penalties for their homes .
The Economic and Monetary Affairs market explicitly spelled out the idea of making a company more general than a large number of freight transport , and that is why the increase in the return for shareholders , i.e. an increase in the return for shareholders , is obvious , which is obvious to many restructuring of recent times .
In the discussion at European level , I have a great deal of thought about this type of discussion and such a debate .
Today , the European Parliament will once again raise the issue , but this issue should also be integrated into other Union policies .
I think there is a lack of consistency here .
I have two examples to mention .
As regards the distribution of tobacco , it is completely impossible to say from the viewpoint of the shareholders .
This has shown , for example , that the discussion on the 13 directive has shown that Mr Bolkestein has clearly rejected the amendments of the European Parliament .
Take another example in competition policy .
Commissioner Monti has taken a clear view in our Committee on Employment and Social Affairs that he does not intend to treat mergers exclusively under the aspect of the markets and consumers , not on the basis of such a wider vision .
A Green Paper on the importation of Human Rights is not enough , as was announced this morning .
On the contrary , the Commission should ensure that an integrated approach is being developed , which will also affect individual policy areas .
Maybe it may be possible to bring some irritation to the day , but not politicians and political decision makers .
Mr President , as honourable Members have said , some directives have been adopted in times of full employment and the changes have been taken very slowly .
So we need more rigorous and changes to certain aspects of the institutional framework .
However , the efforts of the Commission to create a balance between competitiveness and social cohesion should also be recognised .
Often restructuring , mergers and acquisitions are truly dramatic .
We have just recently seen how much more than 5 000 jobs have been lost on the grounds of takeovers within a month .
However , if we look at the whole telecommunications sector , the environment in which European companies will be looking at the negative effects without reorganisation and restructuring , if European companies are not actively involved in the textile sector .
And we must continue to see how many jobs remain , because if there were no restructuring , there would be a danger that certain industries will disappear perfectly in the future .
In this extremely difficult environment , our efforts will be combined to combine social cohesion and competitiveness , four issues .
The first point is speed .
Mr President , this morning &apos; s contribution to the Dublin Foundation has been explained , as we are trying to make changes to the Dublin Foundation , to predict changes , predict and adapt to them .
The second point relates to the legislative framework and the institutional framework .
This year , the legislative framework of the European company , as well as with the five following directives which complements the institutional framework for this statute , was also included in the Council &apos; s budgetary status , and the directive on information and consultation of workers has finally been included in the Council after years of discussions .
We are convinced that there will be significant progress with the commitment of the Swedish and yet the Belgian Presidency .
However , it must be said that legislation alone is insufficient and that it has made great efforts to strengthen controls .
In cooperation with Commissioner Monti , we are trying to examine us in all mergers and acquisitions , the strict application of the information of employees concerned .
In this institutional framework , a Commission has recently established its key theme in the field of social dialogue and the role of a more flexible manner of mergers and restructuring .
The third point is specific policies .
Thanks to the employment strategy and the financing programmes by the Social Fund , the problem of mass redundancies can be dealt with at national level , with special training of workers , with special structures to support their reintegration in the labour market or in setting up their own businesses .
The fourth point is the role of companies with social responsibilities , and this is one of the new fundamental elements of social agenda .
We demand workers , mobility in a new environment , training and mobility in a new environment , but not just for workers .
This is why companies also have a new role to play in this new environment , and we try to determine the social responsibility of companies very specifically .
This is a matter of restructuring , but also their responsibilities in the environment and in society where they are involved , and a second step will be made in this field .
Thank you , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon .
copyright in the information society
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the present directive on copyright and related rights in the information society .
This is an important and difficult directive .
At second reading , Parliament called for the Council to express its opinion on 18 months after the Council &apos; s position was sent to us , 18 months after the adoption of the first reading .
This is the difficult and delicate compromise which has been resolved between all the different interests of the directive .
I would like to see this compromise as a step forward , even because many of Parliament &apos; s proposed amendments were accepted at first reading .
However , some aspects had to be improved , which I have tried to do with the report .
Despite the adoption of a few compromise amendments in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , there are still disagreements , especially in relation to the amendments concerning technical protection , which are so called for .
Many amendments have been tabled on this point , which I do not share .
The reason why the compromise amendments adopted in committee for private protection are an important innovation in favour of the aid tabled in committee , which is why , as a result of a natural person , they should not be used for direct or indirect purposes , and I quote , &quot; Due to a natural burden on private commercial purposes .
This amendment introduces a new principle in Community legislation whereby the concept of private data protection is limited to the advantage of the victims and must also protect the legitimate interests of consumers .
The amendment adopted by the committee calls for the trade in commercial transactions by the committee to be freed up by rail sales , as elephants and the exchange of compounds cannot be spent between the electronic users , not more than private protected works .
I consider this to be a step forward towards the text of the common position .
On the other hand , with regard to technical protection , the balance reached in the common position is more than sufficient to protect both environmental charges and consumers .
All to this question - Article 5 ( 1 ) - paragraph 5 ( 1 ) , can not be taken into account , despite the fact that the aim is to reinforce the protection of copyright , not because they relate to the production process , not because they relate to this directive .
In addition to this , these amendments seek to introduce a system of veterinary legislation for the works of the Internet , i.e. the authorisation system for the environment and to introduce a system which is difficult to implement .
All in all , we have seen the vote in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market that it is possible to adopt a broad consensus , and to improve the common position and to improve the risk of a long and conciliation conciliation process , which will prevent us from discussing the risk of a long and conciliation conciliation .
There is an opportunity for the European Parliament to take this opportunity : if we support the agreement reached in the Committee on Legal Affairs tomorrow , it will be possible to vote in favour of the amendments tabled in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the amendments which have been tabled in the form of a broad compromise between various groups .
This will not only be achieved for the European Union , which has been waiting for a long time on this area , but also , in particular , for the consumer .
After all , the directive will not only come into force , not only on controversial occasions , but , in particular , the provision of Article 2 , but in particular the provision of Article 2 , which is in principle in the form of the use of legislation in new digital sectors .
For all these reasons , I hope that we will finally adopt the text of the directive tomorrow .
Mr President , before I begin my constituents , I must explain an important interest in this area .
On a one hand , I am as author of some books and property rights , and I am , on the other , a member of the Internet Foundation which has been several times in this Parliament .
This day , together with an important event in relation to copyright in the information society , , in the case of the Court of Justice of the Treaty of Amsterdam , it is rumoured that the unfortunate issue of the use of the Internet must be resolved in the event of a violation of the Internet .
The judgement of the Israeli negotiator confirmed the right of intellectual property and special measures to protect intellectual property law in the United States .
We have to succeed in creating a system of patents in Europe , otherwise otherwise it would be possible to ensure that institutions in Europe have been adequately penalised adequately in Europe , which is currently the basis for a more than two years &apos; time .
We are badly behind the United States and I agree with the rapporteur that this directive should be promoted quickly .
It is the concern of the Socialist Group that the child is not thrown through the bathwater .
We have tabled two very important amendments .
On the one hand , the amendment refers to the amendments that are so weak .
The most simple right of each person , a traditional right of each person , is to become intellectual property , and the very simple means of reproduction must now be applied in the information society .
The purpose of this amendment is that those responsible for those responsible for those who use them , otherwise otherwise we are running the risk of restoring the reproduction of many disabled people from their private individuals as those who use the reproduction and impact of their private lives .
Another important amendment is the limited limited and additional character .
If a copy of the process &apos; s process of information has to be a copy of the information society , it should be truly guaranteed that this temporary nature should be added to an additional and more reliable nature .
It is not up to us to create a great deal of libraries with private property , so that the person who has used this sort of law will be able to leave it to it .
We believe that it is a vital condition that the requirements for the preservation of intellectual property and additionality are essential to the conservation of intellectual property .
I hope that the various groups will be able to provide some and alternatives in tomorrow &apos; s votes which guarantee the protection of intellectual property in the information society as a result of a few years now , because intellectual property is only still the main timber market .
Mr President , I would first of all like to praise Mr Trentin and his approach to this issue .
It was a delicate subject which has had to be dealt with very carefully and , in my view , it has been able to produce a rather more balanced text .
I would also like to think - and perhaps , as a Parliament , we should look at this issue as a Parliament , which I have ever seen in the brief time of my own membership in this Parliament .
If I then take action , more than 300 of those who have given rise to this report , then this is in line with half a dozen MEPs , and there may be some concern .
It would be useful if the common position were adopted to be adopted by Mr Zavvos tomorrow .
In the opinion of the Liberal Democrat , however , there are still some Member States which , I understand , represent a positive attitude , and that is a good thing .
Some other points have now been mentioned by Mr Trentin and Mr Medina .
I should just like to look into the fact that the consumer protection system is sufficient , because I have just been read in reading the issue of intellectual property in my dealings with the issue of intellectual property .
I have to see whether today &apos; s sitting is still a copy of his hair and his equivalents , a copy which can be used by all these students private in private .
I question this because , in this way , it may be inappropriate to carry out inspections .
So I am in favour of restricted goods for private purposes .
I have also reservations about the technical measures which can be introduced by the Member States .
I fear that this will lead to distortion in the internal market and , ultimately , the Court of Justice will have to decide on the matter again .
I still have problems with regard to the transport system in its present form .
In my opinion , there is only a connection with the directive on e @-@ commerce and I hope that the Commissioner will take this matter further .
On behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I hope that , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I hope , in any case , to find a balanced balance and a proper balance between all players and those involved in the present directive , the digital agents should be regarded as a chance and not as a threat .
Mr President , I would like to thank all the honourable Members who have cooperated constructively with the Commission and the rapporteur , Mr Wilson .
There are many problems , many of which remain intact .
Cultural traditions cannot be harmonised as simply .
A compromise will be truly happy , and the European Parliament is not a flattering one .
We are talking about a common position .
There is a balance between whom , between the public and the public interest .
First , that is my view and the opinion of the Greens , which is to be strengthened in the medium term .
He must serve this right .
Its position must be strengthened in future enlargement .
My responsibility as a key guide is to allow this livelihoods of assets and to ensure , secondly , and secondly - and secondly , I do not want to see the public &apos; s quality of high @-@ quality content , but also to ensure that public health content is made available in all diversity .
We are opposed to an extension of the visa situation and perhaps we may perhaps find ourselves in a number of points which are still contentious , which are still controversial , because we are also keen to find a fortunate solution that we can all live .
I should like to draw your attention to the fact that the Greens are limited to amendments which are only the ones who are trying to do and take care - that is to say two Amendments Nos 34 and 36 - perhaps you would say that would be a procedure for future treaties .
I would now like to say to me that there are very many references in the text of the recitals to the recitals , which are not the ones which are not the victims of the vote .
At the same time , it has also been pointed out : Europe should decide whether it is a small , European aspiration or not , and then we would have a discussion between service providers , producers and consumers .
However , I do not wish to see the ratification of a copyright copyright , through an imprecise wording to Europe .
This is also a possibility we should debate .
In the same way , we shall also be discussing this in future - and I hope that will be discussed , together with discussion , together with a view to negotiating treaties and also together with a view to treaties .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when I refer to this issue of the directive on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright , which , in particular , includes a list of derogations , then I would like to finish by saying that you have decided to maintain the environment properly .
The background to the background is that there are three types of traffic in this directive : the authors and authors ; the authors , who are also users , are also the ones and the producers .
Producers and telephone charges are trying to take place between the two others and the directive , in its opinion , provides essentially a list of derogations with regard to the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , in the case of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
I have the impression that the consumer &apos; s position favours .
But what is it supposed to use ?
I would ask you what we are going to do in the foreseeable future if we do not protect and defend it .
That is the question of the question .
In addition to my work as a Member of the European Parliament , I am also making a company of libraries and mammals .
In both cases , however , there are certain safeguards and security arrangements , but not insecurity , but not insecurity .
I am astounded that this House , as a whole , defends the market of the markets , in the end , in the final analysis of the markets , in the final analysis of the market &apos; s production , because it does not want to pay it to the list of derogations .
You will admit that this is amazing .
You are not dealing with the conditions in the production of these goods ; but the authors have ordered the authors .
If there is no surprise , I do not know what the authors have said , and I do not know what you are doing , but , in any case , the Europe of the markets will not go well .
This is the markets .
If we are to have a little more in detail with the directive , it is clear that , for example , what has been said , what is to be broadcast here , then what we have been talking about here is true , then this means that what was broadcast in television is peanuts .
It is amazing for someone who is dealing with something that has been mentioned in history .
What do we intend to do when it comes to short @-@ term increases in these circumstances , so that culture , cultural diversity and cultural diversity does not lead to heritage values , which is actually being heard in the event of cancer and neo @-@ alignment , but rather to create living conditions ?
This must be helped , or not - to build up .
And to support the E of Lifelong Learning , we must strengthen copyright , but not to be prosecuted and encouraged .
That is what my group is seeking to defend in tomorrow &apos; s vote .
Mr President , the report on copyright and the information society , which the so @-@ called information society is interesting , is typical of the growing winds of a Community system , which is the only driving force in the form of a market , which is not producing a single service .
While the damage that this system entails , it is clear that there are no less protection than the Member States - and I am sceptical about the Member States - to make every effort to make all cultural services available to goods , as Mrs Fraisse has just explained so clearly .
It is absolutely absurd that the institutions of the European Union are currently engaged in the way in which the Union &apos; s institutions are in the process of achieving a competitive and globalised globalisation .
This is why we are trying to try , as I see it , a number of people in this Parliament to stop a process which totally ignores the European idea and its objective .
- ( FR ) I hope that the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs -and Mrs Fraisse has quite rightly explained - as Mrs Fraisse is quite rightly correct - to oppose the diversity of the European institution which has created the diversity of the European works , authors and legitimacy of European civilisation .
The information society is merely a pretext for trying to destroy the longest @-@ standing and intellectual property of intellectual property .
Mr President , every copyright issue is about two interests , the interests of the pensioners , the producers and the productive system , and the interests of consumers .
It could be said that consumer interest is a social interest to ensure that knowledge and cultural capabilities are disseminated , rather than imposing financial interests .
Of course , and must be given a reasonable economic return , they must be given a reasonable economic reward , but I have two crucial points to me and the popular movement which I represent .
One is guaranteeing the interest of the public and consumers in the use of knowledge and culture .
Denmark - the country which I come from - has a very well developed development which must not be affected .
The second point is that systems of control and sanctions which have developed in the legal cultures of different countries must not be affected .
We have a special system , and I do not believe that it will be damaged .
I should like to say that I have rarely seen that I have been so hard ago as in connection with this proposal , and that is not surprising .
It is about billions of millions and euros in a system which , in the first instance , is dominated by the American entertainment industry , but it should not be our responsibility .
In addition , the most startling legal questions are one of the most vexed legal questions that are the digital problem .
I cannot imagine that more than a few per cent of this House will have any idea at all about how far the problem is .
Against this background , it is interesting and remarkable that the proposal is so balanced and I would recommend to my group to vote in favour of it .
Mr President , as a first speaker of my group , I would like to express my appreciation to the rapporteur on behalf of all my colleagues who work closely with him .
We welcome the determination to defend the balance of this directive .
As the rapporteur has said , we will be able to make the compromise proposals presented by our committee to present the right time .
Nobody says that it is perfectly impossible .
This should be stressed .
It was quite difficult to find common ground in view of different national traditions and derogations .
For example , there are countries where contributions are made on the road networks and energy products .
We support the concern of this directive because , in particular , we need to make new creative commitments to use this new technology .
This directive is complementary and helpful .
It guarantees the artists that they can create new works and obtain fair monitoring .
At the same time , the consumer hopes that their existing rights should be placed on a production system , to use access to new entrants , access to new capital systems , for example , or not being protected .
We have succeeded in this balancing balance .
On the other hand , ladies and gentlemen , we are not in the position of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market that we would say that this would be a final solution .
We urgently recommended that the directive should be reviewed in the last 18 months .
We must take responsibility in this world @-@ wide world for our work , but at the same time we will be prepared to make changes if we require the circumstances .
This is an extremely important point which we have strengthened .
We want the directive as quickly as possible .
This shows that the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market is extremely responsible .
We are now keen to implement as quickly as possible .
Why are we so quick to implement as quickly as possible ?
Because this would enable the European Union to join the Treaty of intellectual property for intellectual property , and that would , in turn , be the protection of the rights of the ICC .
It is a truly unrealistic price that we should ensure as quickly as possible .
Mr President , thank you for giving me the floor , although I have not yet written a book , although I have not read a lot of a book .
The protection of intellectual property has always been one of the European Union &apos; s concerns , because we know that it is only possible to protect culture , that culture is profoundly committed to culture and that economic production is taking place .
It would therefore have been possible for the European Parliament to be able to act .
That is not the case !
For the first time , we have seen the protection of intellectual property .
With approval of the European Parliament !
We are now seeing that the European Parliament has only one objective .
Following 18 months in the Council , we told us that it is very fast now .
After 18 months in the Council .
And then , the Council &apos; s &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; &apos; term &apos; , despite the fact that it has been able to have a majority , and then it is a balance which is so often mentioned .
And then Parliament is asking for nothing to change .
This Parliament will then be superfluous .
I have never seen that Members of their governments or parties have got under pressure so much .
But if both sides of the Council , the governments and Parliament , then we do not need Parliament .
Parliament has its own responsibility and it must be fair .
The common position has weakened the Commission &apos; s rights dramatically .
I have the authors of the authors and I would like to ask Parliament to restore these rights at least .
Mr President , Commissioner , I believe that many of them have become fairly sanctimonious , as Mr Harbour requested a review of the directive in 18 months .
Are we going to leave some of the lobbying to date ?
That would be something too fast .
Ladies and gentlemen , all we can say about the directive has already been mentioned .
It is not easy to take the floor now .
However , I would like to thank our wonderful rapporteur .
I should also like to stress that the official line of the Liberal Group was balanced at first reading than that of the electoral system .
We therefore believe that the common position should be amended in essence .
At first reading , we were concerned about the fact that Parliament &apos; s majority of Parliament threatened the role of the Internet to create a system which would also make it look unattractive in Europe .
These days , some of the compromises produced in the cement Paper are published , partly in the kitchen , but partly in the cupboard .
Incineration can be made on paper , while we have to pay for the amount of millions of people who are paid for them .
This is the protection of copyright .
But do we recognise the dissemination of science and understanding ?
Where is the right balance ?
In this respect , I think we should think about the position on the directive .
I should also like to draw your attention to the fact that the official position of our group is now being able to put so few amendments as possible .
The common position is a sensitive compromise which should not be confused because otherwise we might otherwise have the signature of the WIPO Treaty which is most important .
Mr President , I feel that it is a great honour to take part in this debate .
I find it rather sad that they are partly in a negative and reserved manner .
We must not forget that the new media will have the courage to engage in interaction between the man and the idea of human beings .
There are , of course , a legitimate concern about protecting copyright protection in today &apos; s era .
However , the protection of these rights must not lead to the citizens , the people of origin or the use of access to documents and are denied the use of documents which are subject to copyright .
It has been repeatedly pointed out that the balance between the interests of producers and consumers has been raised and that is precisely this balance .
If we do not manage to manage ourselves in the Union , the serious consequences of the debate on the Internet and similar media could have serious consequences for the discussion .
If , for example , there is an appropriate need for preventative restrictions to be imposed , students , teachers and scientists , such as the marketing system could remain on the line .
The draft directive before us is critically critical of Article 5 ( 5 ) with the restrictions on the fair procedure , which is enshrined in the Berne Convention .
In the interests of the Member States , it would allow Member States to introduce the protection of the disabled , private libraries , libraries libraries and strengthening other users as well as other users .
This is acceptable , and Member States are not obliged to do so .
These decisions are under the principle of subsidiarity .
I stress the fact that this is a commercial interests which , as a result of &apos; author &apos; , should be particularly excluded from this directive , and I also believe that Mr Vidal @-@ Quadras has done his job and I hope that we can adopt the report with relatively few amendments .
Mr President , in my country there is still a very poor tradition before the information society in the information society as a matter of courtesy .
The new technologies are all the more obvious to the European Union and expect a joint approach to this question .
Of course there are many controversial points , and there is a lot of controversial constraints and some controversial considerations , and even ourselves , and even ourselves , we also find ourselves openly in favour of the other vision of the authors and the other way of the consumer and the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
They have succeeded in improving the Council &apos; s common position on the protection of intellectual property law .
It is of particular importance that the exceptions of the exceptions , and I think that this is a very carefully done , although the amendment of the Legal Affairs Committee could have been further .
We also need to take account of libraries and publicity in order to ensure that there is no mixing of intellectual property in the case of various amendments .
Mr President , I would like to join in the congratulations to the rapporteur for his wisdom , the patience of a saint and patience of a saint and persistence .
We have taken a great deal of trouble on this difficult subject , which has been a great deal of trouble to us all in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , which is one of the most common aspects of the conflict between traders and consumers .
Many of these groups believe that the interests of these two groups cannot be brought into account .
However , I believe that this should be possible in the current version , but it offers us the opportunity to apply a number of principles to the other parts of the world .
This is not a simple task .
Every one of us has the right to see the best scenario between the consumer rights of consumers and the entitlement to protection and monitoring .
Mr President , I too would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on his readiness to compensate for a balance in the text which has been agreed for almost three years .
It is even more difficult that the Council did not fully accept the amendments adopted by the European Parliament at first reading .
As I have said , the new directive aims to adapt the current legislative provisions to the new technologies adopted by 1996 .
There is a legal uncertainty regarding the protection of copyright in the digital age .
The Internet is a wonderful tool , but it must not constitute an unstable area .
The cultural and economic challenges are considerable , and the Internet must be developed through impressively , and the Internet must find a legal framework , since the United States has already introduced such a framework two years ago .
There is therefore a need for action in this area , as this directive is a key factor in the fight against piracy ( which is a great deal of concern to the heart of the information society , and this piracy is a real scourge of the information society , which , in particular , is due to the interests of the information society .
The manufacture of dried pulses is a recognised one .
It is perfectly normal that the ability to compensate for a reasonable balance must be given to balance .
In order to meet these stories , the legislator must be reserved for sufficiently restrictive purposes , and the legislator must not be sufficiently restrictive .
I therefore support the restrictive definition of the text .
In order to protect works regulations , the possibility of using technical safeguards must be the possibility of using technical measures .
This is why , against the so @-@ called tourist scheme , we must combat the public &apos; s ability to reduce these protective measures and to encourage the protection of renewables to be controlled by non @-@ protected piracy .
This in permanent change gives rise to many issues and concerns in permanent change .
The directive must lead to balance between the interests of consumers and those of the world &apos; s pension systems .
It is a attempt to respond to these issues as soon as possible , which must not be enough .
The review of the directive after a two @-@ year period will allow us to establish what loopholes and weaknesses it is moving into the phenomenal development of the information society .
Mr President , in my country &apos; s native country , it was right to say that it is right to get rid of the electoral records .
In other words , the authors of the authors and ICC are hope that tomorrow or tomorrow a European Parliament will come up with its conscience .
Mr President , we believe , Mr President , that it is possible to ensure that the synergy between the democratisation of knowledge , which provide us with the new technologies , will provide us with an interim supply of work and the continuity of the creative information exchanged which is not adequate , and the continuity of the creative information revolution is not sufficient .
So there are differences in differences of hostility , the demagogic resistance and financial interests , in that truly the whole of society .
Mr President , we must not be naïve , Mr President .
It is the result of economic values and their dissemination of economic values , and this requires the basis for intellectual property and the rights of the mediators .
Unfortunately , the Commission &apos; s proposal and the common position of the Council is a little more dependent .
On behalf of the consumer , the right way to move on works is to oppose the fact that the world &apos; s freedom of movement is going to be a good one , and we are fighting a good deal on the knowledge and cultural development of the citizens .
The new communications technologies are not the enemy of the intellectuals and the authors , but it must not be said that in the world &apos; s world , we are living in the world in which we live , if you are to defend the most vulnerable part , i.e. the author .
We do not , on behalf of consumer rights , do not accept the special conditions for authors and , above all , we are not , in particular , the worst sin of the text of the text of the text - that the attempt to create technology is not infectious .
Mr President , despite many of the efforts and progress made by our rapporteur , which is due to the rapporteur , I would like to congratulate him on the fact that there is still no text , the freedom of freedom , freedom of communications and freedom of consumer .
If we do not manage to achieve this , Europe will lose some of its essential values .
Our languages , Mr President , do not allow very little to be used when the altar of the technology is merely vicious , which is a real obstacle to all the world of the world .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to thank the Members of the various groups for the 32 signatures which it gave me to table a number of amendments in plenary .
In particular , I am convinced that the position adopted by an overwhelming majority at first reading should be adopted by an overwhelming majority at first reading .
First of all , it is a question of further restriction on environmental measures , so as to establish a clear regulation on the content of the Internet providers in accordance with the e @-@ commerce Directive , in accordance with the possibility of implementing technical measures to ensure that the internal market is distorted , without being distorted by the internal market .
Why do I represent this position ?
Firstly , for reasons of principle .
Is there something more important than the protection of the telecommunications industry ?
Is it something more sensible than the product of human resources to present as an innovative environmental system ?
The European Parliament has always been the guardian of the European cultural heritage , and this must also apply in the digital age .
If we do not take action against the fact that , if we do not take any action , then we will be able to get a little more easily and without any further pictures tomorrow .
Without any guarantees , there is no incentive to encourage both audiovisual and industrial innovation .
However , this debate is beyond purely austerity .
Either , at the expense of employment .
In the European Union , there is an estimated amount of 100 000 jobs in the European Union .
It is also the case that the State has been set up .
In the case of the Belgian State , which I know well now , it is true that the same person is responsible for a billion billion , and that is true for all sorts of reasons .
We need to be clear what we are doing .
I concur with Mr Rothley &apos; s comments .
So there is a real reason why I would like to support the amendments tabled by many other MEPs , which I would like to thank in the early days .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive has a great deal of importance for growth and competitiveness in Europe , but it must not make the use of the use of the use of the Internet .
If we prove to be aware of e @-@ commerce and increase costs , then Europe will not be the biggest economic area in the world , as set out in Lisbon in ten years &apos; time .
If we want to strengthen confidence in our European legislator as a European legislator , European legislation must be coherent ; the directive on e @-@ commerce must conform to the directive on electronic commerce .
That is why we are going to change Article 5 ( 1 ) or quote 33 / 39 because of the new technique .
We would not like to see the subsidy @-@ raising regulations that are being created , which will limit freedom of speech or imposing freedom of speech .
We have to put the squeeze on the road @-@ map of a quarter of the previous quarter .
If one looks at all the small winds which occur for all the day , the basis is to monitor the Internet as a result of the Internet and , as a result of a high @-@ use of the Internet , that everyone must be able to live in the knowledge of knowledge .
I therefore ask you to support Amendment No 4 .
Our legislation on copyright must be given the job and the main players .
People must be able to choose themselves , as they have done and the music they want to play .
