Finally , I would like to say that it is totally incomprehensible that the American authorities face the risks of this type .
If we look at the development of certain types of cancer in the USA and the rise in an ageing population in the American population , we should all tackle all the stops .
I therefore hope that the new ban on the use of this type of traffic will be necessary in Europe , the American consumer and consumer preferences , so that we will be able to discuss the situation within the WTO .
Mr President , I would first of all like to thank the rapporteur for his report and the committees for the proposal for a directive on the European Parliament and Council Directive 96 / 22 of the Council on banning the use of certain substances in animal production .
The Commission &apos; s proposal is to increase our food safety and to increase our international obligations within the framework of the Convention on the application of Structural Fund legislation , the application of non @-@ regulatory measures .
This House is well aware that the current ban on the use of the use of materials produced by the World Trade Organisation was raised and that in 1998 the assessment proposed by the European Community was raised by the European Community &apos; s assessment of the risk assessment of animals containing phthalates .
As you know , the Commission has produced an additional risk assessment for this materials which is due to take account of the assessment of risk assessment which was taken into account by the WTO appeal .
In April 1999 , the Scientific Committee published an information programme on public health and public health opinion on the possible harmful effects of beef products in beef and human health .
This opinion was examined and confirmed in May 2000 .
The thought was said that the six @-@ down ban on bovine animals has been identified by no more than the six @-@ cut materials issued for cattle .
As far as the fourth 17 @-@ mile mile is concerned , the complaint was taken to consider that this substance is regarded as a trivial event , because it is both demagogic and environmentally friendly .
Other information mechanisms have been identified for the other five years .
In connection with these conclusions , the Commission proposed that it is a carcinogenic substance , that it is a carcinogenic substance , which is a matter of substance .
Secondly , the Commission proposed that the remaining five materials will be maintained , so that the remaining five materials will be maintained .
This measure will regularly be examined and it is totally in accordance with our international commitments .
I am very pleased that the report supports this approach .
The Commission has also made the necessary legal basis for the revision of the final legal basis for the revision of the final framework for the implementation of the final phase , to enable us to find a rapid reaction to new information and make it more effective .
I am sorry to say that the introduction of the tobacco market should not be supported by the report .
Many of you know my view on this subject .
In various bilateral discussions I have discussed the question of the application of the penal code with you , and I note that this request from the Commission has not approved the amendments tabled .
I would ask Parliament to reconsider its position on this issue , because I think it is extremely important that the issue of the partition of this issue is taken seriously .
If Parliament were to sign the annexes in the context of the Conciliation Committee , then I feel that it is not sufficient to ensure that it is not sufficient to protect consumers in this area , which Parliament has already discussed in this debate , both in connection with BSE and with regard to BSE .
How can we justify delaying the delay and approval of the mistake if a Commission budget is recommended , for example , to extend a further administrative impact on the list ?
How can this be justified ?
A speaker said that it is a political issue .
I reject that statement .
It is a scientific question .
That is precisely why the WTO has been involved .
I have a little concern at the fact that , if Parliament continues to have its position on this subject , there is a risk that the codecision procedure is not adopted , but the codecision procedure is the most popular .
I have seen all of this .
I have already had this debate with Parliament and I know what I am doing .
Members will appear to be able to vote on the matter and follow the line .
The most important thing is not to know exactly what they are voting in particular because they are not informed of this particular issue .
I also realise that so many of us will have a great deal of concern to the consumer today , without knowing that they will be able to introduce a procedure which jeopardises consumer health by making it possible to delay the procedure with its help and on the basis of a clear scientific recommendation .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would urge you to reconsider your position and give priority to the increase in the larger level of priority .
If you consider the question of reinstatement as more important than the interinstitutional link between Parliament and the Commission , whether or not we need a full codecision procedure in such cases .
This is a scientific issue which is based on scientific recommendations . It is a matter of urgency which is accepted by the Commission and which will include a comprehensive de jure de jure de jure of his employment .
I have already referred to this issue and I have already indicated that I am not going to disregard Parliament &apos; s position as a matter of course .
I would therefore urge you to take seriously account of the rights of consumers , the issue of consumer protection and to consider the issue of consumer protection in the next year , and I hope that a food safety authority will be carried out next year .
It will be a job for concern .
If there is a risk of frustration , it can recommend that a reaction of the executive is carried out immediately .
Sometimes this means that the Commission will introduce a legislative solution .
It is correct to do this under the implementation of the environment , and we can provide the rapid reaction of consumers .
But if this only happens in the codecision procedure , there will be delays .
I would now like to respond to the amendments proposed in this report and to Mrs Grossetête &apos; s amendment .
I will start with the applications which the Commission cannot accept .
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 4 , 5 , 6 , 6 , 9 and 10 , which I do not agree with .
Nor can they accept Amendments Nos 12 , 13 and 14 in which the introduction of the introduction of the electoral system in favour of introducing lists of lists and the codecision procedure must be rejected once again .
Amendment No 1 deals with a sound justification for the application of the ban .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment because it will take into account the results of all future inquiries .
Amendment No 2 would be obliged to finance research for the five reasons for the five reasons for the five reasons .
This is unacceptable .
Neither under Community law nor the WTO under the WTO is a legislative obligation to finance research .
On the contrary , the WTO is calling for assessment of this type of scientific data on the basis of all scientific data .
Despite this , such studies are not excluded in the European Union &apos; s defence policy .
Nor is the Commission able to accept Amendments Nos 3 and 11 , which calls for effective health measures for health protection .
I should like to point out that there are already areas of competence in the Member States and at Community level .
In particular , in accordance with Directive 96 / 23 of the Council , the Council has already monitored control measures and arrears .
The Commission has also proposed that the provisions of the directive should not apply to animals which are not covered by animals intended for therapeutic or therapeutic purposes .
Mrs Grossetête suggests that in their Amendment No 15 , it proposes to make adequate alternatives to the existence of adequate alternatives .
The Commission cannot approve this amendment on the basis of health protection in the light of clear scientific knowledge .
In addition , there has been a study of this study that there are enough alternatives for therapeutic or non @-@ Community purposes for therapeutic purposes .
This study should be made available to Parliament as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the Commission can accept Amendment No 8 and basically include Amendment No 8 which deals with scientific data , because it contains useful clarifications in the text .
Finally , I would like to thank Mr Olsson once again for his excellent report and support for this important issue .
Once again , the Commission is able to summarise Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 4 , 4 , 5 , 9 , 9 and 10 , and 11 , 12 , 12 , 12 , 13 , 13 and 15 .
On the other hand , it can agree to Amendment No 8 and in principle partly Amendment No 10 which deals with scientific data .
Mr President , naturally I respect the position made by Commissioner Byrne who supports it .
But what we want to achieve is not an extension of the procedure , but it is a question of having a discussion on how many other issues are missing from , and , as far as we are concerned , the scientific clarity .
Yesterday I met with a representative of the American negotiators , who did not see the European view of science .
We must therefore discuss not only scientific issues in this Chamber , but also those of us who are dealing with ethics in order to deal with the opinions of both opinions and the precautionary principle .
This is a fundamental political debate and not the delay in the procedure .
Thank you , Mr Zacharakis .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 11 a.m .
The new boundaries of a book
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new borders in the Transport Committee : electronic commerce and insurance prices continue ( INI ) ( INI ) &#93; .
Mr President , I would like to start by referring to the fact that this report is important , and this is an arbitrary report which has been assigned to their works : Michel de Brun , Leonardo de Brun , Leonardo lo contrario and a man from my country .
At home , these works , rich and rich people are rich , culture and history .
I think that you have a view and my view .
The background to my work has been used by a lot of people who are happy to be read by many people .
Being personal books , in particular , access to alternatives , ideas and opportunities .
I come from very simple and modest prospects in a poor area with low opportunities and the modest prospects .
However , when I cherish a restrained , I have been accused of cabin books and many others have just had the same experience .
I am extremely grateful to the authors and people of these books that they have allowed me to allow me to ensure that other people are able to make this experience .
What is the point of this report ?
I would simply like to make sure that in our final delay in the electronic age market , the conditions for the protection of intellectual property law , taxation , taxation and subsidies are still being applied in the new era in the new era .
books were always more than just a tool and more than just a tool and in a world which is becoming increasingly important on goods .
The electronic base @-@ level package is designed to include four specific issues : electronic books , supply via Internet supply , Internet welfare and Internet welfare .
We must make sure that we have the necessary political concepts to achieve a comprehensive strategy which will enable all these developments to be achieved .
So what are I going to make with this report ?
First of all , we must promote a strong growth and development of these areas and the broad use of the e @-@ European media in Europe .
We need to obtain affordable access to this media for all Europeans and the necessary conciliation .
We should continue to promote linguistic and cultural diversity by the use of electronic commerce and promote transforming the traditional publishing industry into a world of e @-@ commerce .
In order to achieve this objective , we must provide for the appropriate policies which such a growth permit and ensure that all citizens have access to appropriate choice and access .
This is why my report sets out a number of requests .
The EU institutions have a major role to play in ensuring that future growth is established .
Firstly , the Commission can draw up a comprehensive political approach to developing this sector .
Secondly , we can all help to promote policies that promote education and to overcome digital exclusion .
The Commission can and should support the development and development mechanisms for SMEs in this sector , together with the Member States , to ensure that the rights of the contract and the interests of the industry take the opportunity to protect the rights and interests of the industry and ensure that the industry has the opportunity to develop their powers in the new era .
The Member States should ensure that people &apos; s rules on civil books are monitored and fostering support for electronic commerce .
All of this is , in the context of our own , and , in this way , I would recommend my report to be in the hope that he has set up broad guidance programmes so that everyone can benefit from the benefits and benefits that the new sector can achieve .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate Mrs O &apos; s report on her report which has taken place in the past few years .
We all consider that we should reconsider the book as a part of a board or an author .
There has been a revolution which the book book a book for each of us is still more ambitious and even more important .
At the same time , however , it requires European and national policies , which we need to address in order to cope with the new ways and mediation .
The question of whether we have to protect the book with the uncontrolled market , is , in view of the major environmental importance , as well as anticipating our society , which must be more important .
Information and enlargement of the Internet are highly sensitive to the Internet , which deals with intellectual property and the status of the author of the author , but they are also denied the risk of finding large sections of the population of access to the new media .
inequality in relation to the houses , rural areas and the disadvantaged groups can be seen as harmful to those who already have a harmful amount of letters in letter and understanding .
This problem is so serious that we can talk about a threat to social cohesion , and this danger can be found by developing policies by developing policies .
But all Member States need to facilitate access to books and make it easier to obtain access to books , because they do not have the future of the European Union , and there is no future as a mere book .
Madam President , Commissioner , books are an important medium , in order to get culture , and to get a modern hand in doing so .
I therefore think that the report is excellent .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for his extensive work and the many analyses she has carried out .
This is a matter of permanent movement .
However , it is not only the production of important but also consumption .
The form of consumption is a form of consumption and requires greater incentives .
People must always decide how they spend their time .
That is why , together with my colleague , Mr Graça Moura , I have tabled an amendment calling for a &quot; European day &quot; .
We have proposed to be proposed on 23 April , because this day we are celebrating the birthday birthday and the bird row .
This is therefore a whole of Europe .
A number of countries have already heard a lesson from UNESCO day .
I will , however , leave it to the Commission &apos; s wisdom to choose another date .
Commissioner , there is only if there is a need for a demand .
To give an additional impulse , Mr Graça Moura and I would like to see one year to see the best , but we need to insist on this .
The second problem is the implications of the market .
A transfer of values for pluralism and cultural diversity must be protected .
For example , fixed price agreements and insurance prices are equivalent to the best possible use of the e @-@ commerce system .
Madam President , today I would like to speak from the point of view of the environment , both in positive terms and in the negative sense .
As far as the positive aspect is concerned , the individualisation of supply and demand is one of the opportunities of the electronic book .
We believe that this is a scenario which , as far as we are concerned , is a fairly demanding fact , namely that the electronic mail book is going to be better and more appropriate , because the electronic language register has led to a fundamental change in the transfer of water .
These are the positive aspects .
The negative side is that , for reading , access is being caused on two counts .
Let us make no bones about it .
The new technologies can , of course , be a chance for the democratisation of everyone , but also to create an additional obstacle to researchers .
To conclude , Madam President and Commissioner , I should like to appeal to the vigilance of the utmost vigilance that the copyright must be preserved in these new technologies , which is to be particularly endangered , because this is also at risk .
I would therefore like to point out that , for the same reasons , we need to put in place the same reasons for safeguarding the financial and distribution of products in Europe .
( FR ) Madam President , the very welcome report by Mrs O &apos; Alba gives us the opportunity to draw up further ideas about the future and new initiatives .
As rightly pointed out in this report , the document continues to play an extremely important role in the distribution of European cultures and , moreover , the growing increase in the number of approaches , such as rich , alive and diverse industries .
It is therefore obvious of course that we are dealing with inter alia when the strange book is becoming increasingly taken into account .
This applies , for example , to the cohesion policy within the Structural Funds .
Do you intend to do that ?
Let me illustrate two examples .
Thank you very much , the number of libraries , in Greece , will double the number of IEP 193 in Greece to 2006 .
During the operational period in Portugal , EUR 38 million for the extension of Dutch and libraries are EUR 38 million for the extension of Dutch and libraries , and for the promotion of half from the European Regional Development Fund .
This also applies to competition policy , which is the particular importance of the book as a whole for the European peoples .
This also applies to work in the field of culture .
During the debate on Culture 2000 , Parliament stressed the importance of the importance of the measures to promote the co @-@ approval and literature .
As the first year of the implementation of the programme , this concern has been met .
Mrs O &apos; s report calls upon us to extend our attention to the issue and to take account of all aspects of the technological revolution in order to support the European Union &apos; s economy in its diversity , which means that the new potential can be used to guarantee access to knowledge , and , finally , the rights of the market .
The digital revolution means a chance but also risks .
The thread of Mrs O &apos; s report is , of course , very suited to this , which is why I will not return to it .
I would just like to make one comment , namely the damaging danger of exclusion to the exclusion of disadvantaged groups .
The key condition for the digital technology to education and culture is their accessibility to accessibility .
I suppose it is a mistake to accept that , between generations , between social classes , between those who do not agree with the &apos; communitisation &apos; , and those who are in full benefit from the new technologies , and who are in favour of the new technologies , there is a digital divide and risk creating a digital divide .
In my opinion , we should not just say that there is a gulf between this type of backwardness and we cannot do anything about it , but we must do everything to close them .
Indeed , we can take action very well .
They reflect , a social task which we are all represented here , Parliament and the Commission .
Furthermore , I believe that globalisation , if we manage it , and digital technology , not automatically destruction the destruction of national and regional cultures .
In order to adapt to the new realities of the information society , cultural industry will undoubtedly be a far @-@ reaching and rapid change .
For us , this means that we need to avoid these changes in terms of change and not just their development .
At the beginning of their development , we must start by making the digital age new market charges and , at the same time , enable us to make a competitive contribution .
One of the first round of funding is modest , but , in actual fact , the measure affects networking management and cooperation .
Of course , the Commission has played its most important role in this area and , in the field of Culture 2001 , I have stressed that , in particular , the implementation of several projects , including the participation of several projects , are particularly encouraging .
It is a convincing experiment that we are planning to include further support measures for environmental aid under the cultural industry .
In my opinion , this is a new area which is still not enough , and that is not enough , and in which we have a basic , conscious role .
In addition to the specific actions of the Culture programme , I would like to mention a number of specific measures which are to be successful and helped to make their digital revolution a success , which is why the rapporteur meets the requirements of our rapporteur .
The e @-@ commerce initiative which I launched in May last year concerns the infrastructure of education , which is a precondition for more than anything else .
The Commission services have drawn up a programme for the implementation of this initiative .
Moreover , the Commission is financing - and this will continue to be followed up , pilot projects in particular - pilot projects in the field of education , and which , together with the programme de Vinci &apos; s programme , is at the heart of our activities at the heart of our activities .
In addition , there is also shortage of shortage in training between the public and private sectors of the development of partnerships between the public and private sectors .
The aim of the e @-@ Europe initiative is to ensure that the information society is based on social security .
From the end of 2001 , access to the Internet and to multimedia resources in many public centres , including in the less @-@ favoured regions , will enable all the students to be able to adjust to the sea .
Another area of our work concerns the extension of services to support the development of content in the field of e @-@ commerce and e @-@ commerce .
The e @-@ commerce programme , which has now been adopted for a period of four years for a period of four years , is promoting development and exploitation of European content .
In addition , it is now possible to boost the market in cooperation with the European Investment Bank and , by means of providing capital capital with the European Investment Bank , possible .
In this respect , the Commission and the EIB are prepared to support the funding of the cultural world .
We have a new environmental policy , that is to say to our digital future .
This , ladies and gentlemen , is also a prerequisite for greater mobilisation and visibility .
I personally am in favour of the proposal , which has several of you - Mr Graça Moura , Mrs Sanders @-@ ten Holte , Mrs Sanders @-@ ten Holte , made a European Year of innovative and landing .
However , the meeting of such a year is not possible for several reasons , but we should look at one day or one month to see what could be done from 2002 .
We should not have a certain option now , but we should discuss the best possible decision to take account of the best possible decision in the Culture 2000 programme .
I am therefore very open to a debate in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , with the parties involved in a new way to see , in the interests of new new , cultural diversity .
As you know , technology is an instrument , a concept of a concept , but this tool can be very useful to the development of our cultural potential .
In this respect , I would like to thank Mrs O &apos; Flemish and also the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport .
Thank you very much , Mrs Reding .
The debate is closed .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
Vote
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I am right to say that I am right to say that I am in favour of the existence of the MEDA programme , which is why I would like to ask the House to adopt an oral amendment to the following wording : &quot; asked the Commission to create a special programme in order to implement and strengthen the implementation of the environment &quot; .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 ) by Mr Naïr , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on the Commission communication on the relations between the EU and the Mediterranean ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0630 / 2000 - 2000 / 2046 ( COS ) )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Motion for a resolution ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 ) by Mr Miranda , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , on the peace process in Colombia
on the recitals of B and C
Madam President , if I have understood correctly , it is the first amendment which we will be voting on , a possible compromise with his authors that Amendment No 1 will be withdrawn if it is to be withdrawn in accordance with the 12 paragraph .
This recital ) would include the whole section of the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; and the second text .
I think that the original vote on the original text of the Recital d &apos; s Recital d &apos; s text can be discussed .
Madam President , the Socialist Group agrees with Mr Miranda &apos; s proposal and would vote for the first part and against the second part of the second part .
Madam President , we would agree with this proposal .
Madam President , there is also a compromise on the next vote .
Amendment No 2 of the European People &apos; s Party and the Group of the Party of European Socialists mean that , as I understand it , we would first of all vote on a part of the original text , in the first text , in the light of the idea that the Colombia Plan &apos; s &quot; social players &quot; .
We would then be voting on a second part , which the applicants wish to withdraw , and then we would be voting on this proposed amendment .
We therefore agree first with the original text on separate parts and then on Amendment No 2 as an addition to the amendment .
Mr Blokland , I have the shadow of the shadow rapporteur for the Group of the Party of European Socialists .
Although Mr Miranda is correct , it is misleading that this is an amendment .
As you can hear the remarks made before you , the services have made a mistake and the members of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and Members of the European People &apos; s Party have not been consulted on the table .
That is why Mr Miranda has absolutely right to vote in his own right , Mr Miranda , but I agree with him , but this is not an amendment .
The services concerned were purely technical lapses .
In order to make complete clarity , I have the text of the code of conduct .
On the eve of the amendment missing , Plan Colombia is not the case : &apos; The break @-@ up &apos; is not the case for the stripped @-@ hand break up and ... &apos; ; the rest will remain the rest .
Madam President , I would just like to confirm what Mr Howitt said .
In some versions , especially in the Portuguese , Dutch , Dutch , where it is like the Spanish and English version , they are voting in favour of &quot; Colombia &quot; , &quot; Colombia &quot; , which is wrong .
The translation in these texts must be changed .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new borders in the field of visas : monetary union and 2000 ( INI ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
- ( FR ) We abstained from the vote on this report , as we abstained from the report on the fisheries agreement with Angola , for one reason .
We do not want to take the slightest opportunity to put an end to this , even if , as we know very well , the financial compensation of the Union for fishing in the waters of Ivory Coast and Angola will not be minimal at best - the financial compensation of the population of these two countries .
However , we are opposed to the fact that there will be talk of help to those countries or even their people .
Even in its current wording as &apos; aid &apos; or &apos; agreements &apos; it is clear in these figures that the countries of Africa are able to continue the relationship between the European Union and the African continent .
Jarzembowski report ( A5 @-@ 0107 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report on the amendment to the directive on the development of Community railway undertakings .
I read the Conciliation Committee &apos; s report and I would like to express my hope that Mr Jarzembowski &apos; s report is the best result of the best result of transport , thanks to which freight transport is liberalised throughout Europe .
I hope , Mr Jarzembowski , that such good results will come to the attention of the Council , when it comes to the measures to promote the elderly and pensioners .
I have been impressed by the success achieved by the Conciliation Committee on this issue .
, in writing .
( FR ) The two reports from the Conciliation Committee on the development of Community railway undertakings and on licensing licensing of railway undertakings will welcome the introduction of a compromise on the full opening of the railway market in international freight transport by the latest .
This compromise will make the way for new proposals on liberalisation , form of privatisation , of other sectors , for example .
The recent tragic accidents in Great Britain , the recent tragic accidents in Britain , are , for example , the serious effects of the privatisation of this public service .
And when the mismanagement , as evidenced by the problem of road transport , the problem of transport of goods is being waged in social terms by the liberalisation of the railways , at least in this way .
For a long time , throughout Europe has been forced into force throughout Europe , in order to promote the interests of private companies in all its forms .
Since the distribution of water is now being hampered , some of the people who have now become involved in the search for new profits of the railways are to be supported by the European institutions and by national governments .
Neither the users nor the population generally have all expected the least benefits of public services .
The same applies to the workers of this sector , which affects the environment and the environment with its disastrous consequences for employment and the environment .
We are , of course , facing the fight against these workers and their trade unions .
We have therefore voted against the two present reports .
In this explanation of vote , I think it is appropriate to draw attention to the obvious progress in the development of the European railway system , which , thanks to the recent French @-@ Italian Summit in Turin in Turin in Turin , was achieved to the construction of the Institute for External Relations and the new sub @-@ programme .
This decision will give us the final elimination of a quick light , in the logic of the strengthening of railway transport and the transfer of the road transport system to rail transport .
As I have explained in the Chamber , as I have done in the Chamber , there was a continuing approach in the drawing @-@ up of the Gaza report , but today we are determined to see a determination to see the day that the development of the trans @-@ European transport strategy is appropriate in this century .
I would like to add that the British and France decisions have been fully supported by the European Commission in accordance with the defence principle .
It is also positive that , in January of this year , the Commission has been calling for a period of indifference to the Council for a period of indifference to the protocol , calling for the protocol to ratify the protocol and to ratify this protocol soon .
The most profitable project in favour of a recovery of rail transport in the region , with the aim of creating clear events in the space of road transport , must be given clear developments in the field of transport .
In this regard I have already expressed my hope that the Commission will finally introduce the railway transport network in the years to come up with more trans @-@ European transport networks in the next few years .
Finally , I would like to express my satisfaction at the fact that the resolution which has been drawn up by the summer gave rise to the Mont Blanc Facility .
The French and Italian authorities have demonstrated its decision to ease the international road transport in this tunnel tunnel .
I call upon the Commission to support this decision in favour of a high @-@ cut reduction in transport , which is necessarily unnecessary and properly reduced .
Wieland report ( A5 @-@ 0012 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the directive on the recognition of professional qualifications from nurses , doctors , doctors , officials , etc .
First of all , I would like to start by saying that this branch of affairs , particularly for junior doctors , could be beneficial , but I have had the right to make medical aid both in Italy and in Belgium and France .
That is why I think it would be beneficial if all the people in Europe could move freely and deal with doctors who would have the same training .
I therefore call for a single European elections .
McNally Report ( A5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report on a temporary basis for the information campaign for the information campaign .
I have been listening to my friend , pensioners , who are listening to me in the vicinity of Bergamo , who , in the Bergamo airport , should be able to rely on this directive if employees leave their offices and allow the computer to be carried out in the same way .
When I look forward to the usefulness of this document , then I had to discuss and explain this person to the end of the discussions : &apos; However , it would not be easy to oblige employees to ban computers when they do no longer ?
I just wonder , Mr President .
Mr President , I voted for the banning of 17 pages of 17 pages and the other substances which are so harmful to the human body , because they know that , as you know , it is growth and development of the people in which they are recycled .
However , I have learned that the ministers of our States are not necessarily opposed to these recantations , which , as we know , are increasing the development of animals so that they can grow faster .
&quot; But why are they not against it ?
On the last night , I believe that we have found a response to this : I hope our ministers will be able to speed up the growth of animals , even if the growth of the animals is to be developed , so that they are not so long @-@ term or , hence , the rule of conduct .
Mr President , I voted for the promotion of trade relations with the United States of America , Canada , Japan , the Republic of Korea , Australia and New Zealand , because that is certainly a positive element .
I hope for the future an intensification of cooperation , so as to improve the quality of the living conditions of the elderly in these States .
I also hope that we will have the opportunity to deal with the existing rules in these countries in order to see whether or not some suggestions can be made to improve the legal conditions for the life of the elderly in our European Union .
We do not support the man &apos; s report for a number of reasons .
Firstly , there is no legal framework for the projects .
This is correct when it comes to the scope of the EU .
The cooperation between Member States is a certain instrument for this , without its own EU jurisdiction , unless they give Member States a mandate .
Nevertheless , the Commission and the rapporteur , in the articles of Article 190 and 308 , are a legal basis .
There is still a lack of clarity in the Commission &apos; s activities under Article 177 and which are under way under Article 308 , as is the case .
In addition , the Commission proposes a single budget line .
However , resources for multiannual and financial projects are not desirable because the Commission cannot lead to independent policy for the aforesaid partner countries .
Furthermore , the Commission has promised to work more efficiently by making it more effective .
The Commission must represent the EU Member States in the WTO .
In addition , it is a question of extending the role of the Member States to coordinate the activities of Member States .
So in order to deepen and enlargement .
The Commission has to do with European issues such as agriculture , the impact on developing countries and the environment .
For this reason , a more traditional trade policy is not appropriate .
In the rapporteur &apos; s report , we consider it to be an improvement on the Commission &apos; s proposal , but it prefers to do so .
That is why we abstained from voting .
Muscardini report ( A5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the strategy set out by the European Council for relations with the countries of the Mediterranean .
My country , Italy .
I therefore think it is necessary for the European Union to pay more attention to the neighbouring countries in the South , which are only separate .
I suggest that those people who will be responsible for this area will be responsible for this area of ours , and I suggest that the regulation to be extended to all employees in the southern States will be extended to all workers in the southern States , i.e. the Member States of the Mediterranean .
Many workers of these Mediterranean countries are moving in Europe , and I therefore consider it to be included in the merits of a single pension .
The Barcelona process attracted hopes for relations between the European Union and twelve countries of the Mediterranean .
However , we have realised that this instrument proved to be inadequate .
For political reasons , with the difficult peace process in the Middle East , it is not the only one .
The main priority for change is the report simplifying the simplification and flexibility of the MEDA programme and the extension of measures to develop the Mediterranean countries and we can only agree with them .
However , given the most important importance of the Mediterranean area , the Council has adopted a common strategy for this region in time in time .
So it is to be hoped that the political will will be more emphasis on this , so that cooperation between Member States and the countries of the Mediterranean , and in these mutual cooperation , and with regard to the European Union .
It is , of course , not the case for the Nordic economy as a whole , but because it is desirable , desirable and prevented Europe with a view to a continent .
In addition , there is the need for increasing distribution and the European Union &apos; s demands on the sea , and the following conclusion could be very good ...
I would like to speak to the rapporteur , my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini .
I have drawn up the process of work in the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy .
The result of the work of monetary surplus has quite rightly given their approval as rapporteur from the outset , because it was not abstention in committee because it was only voting against , and not abstention .
In any event , when it comes to identifying the value of the document , it has not greatly appreciated the value of the document .
It was true , however , that it was not even more expensive if the European Parliament recognises this by an overwhelming majority in a plenary session .
I would therefore like to congratulate my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini , my compliments .
Naïr Report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted in favour of the intensification proposed in this report .
That is a logical consequence of my previous explanation .
In my opinion , the Mediterranean countries , as well as Turkey .
I hope and support Turkey &apos; s accession to the European Union , but I would also like to see an EU candidate country attempt to look closely into the Union .
I see this as two of the same coin .
I would like to warmly congratulate the rapporteur on his work .
It is true that his report on the Barcelona process is really comprehensive , so I will only highlight some of the important points .
First of all , I should like to point out that the Commission &apos; s communication &apos; s communication is a dual goal : &apos; intensification of the Barcelona process &apos; s communication and recommendations on the part of the conference in Marseilles ( November 2000 ) .
The assessment is quite absurd .
The Commission &apos; s three main areas , namely policy and security , social , social , social and financial relations , was only included in the application of the decisions .
But there are still a few things to be desired .
In this area , there is a delicate silence : while the opening up of their markets in sectors requires the opening up of their markets in sectors , on the other hand , on the other hand , the EU &apos; s failure to maintain negative EU policy on agricultural products .
As the rapporteur says , we want to set up a free trade area under the conditions set out by Europe .
Such a sub @-@ liberal attitude is irresponsible .
If we are not as hypocritical as we wanted to create a region of common prosperity .
The low value of this partnership , which is topical as a result of the enlargement of the enlargement of the Union , must at long last be omitted .
This is an abuse of the Union &apos; s interest in sustainable economic and social development and political stability and political stability , on the other side of the Mediterranean , which is situated in Europe .
The Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership must give rise to new impetus .
The rapporteur proposes several possibilities .
First of all , I recommend a more rigorous approach to the political stage .
The new international ignored is undoubtedly an opportunity for us to take .
The European Union has a role to play in the Middle East peace process .
The solution to the conflict in the Middle East is a crucial precondition for achieving peace and stability in the region .
This means that the right to security for Israel and all other countries in the region and the recognition of the legitimate rights of the Palestinian people , in a viable and internationally recognised manner , must be adopted in a viable and internationally recognised state .
In addition , the European Union must use more financial resources and human resources and promote the involvement of civil society .
As a Swede , I would like to express my satisfaction that the Swedish Presidency intends to deal with the debate on the Barcelona process , in continuation of the fact that the Swedish Presidency has taken full consideration to the Barcelona process .
Hopefully they will be able to implement them quickly in practice .
That is why I voted in favour of the report on unanimously .
It is regrettable that human rights and its practical implementation are not sufficiently taken into account in the Barcelona process .
That is why I voted for a number of amendments , for example , for Amendments Nos 1 @-@ 4 .
As a Swedish Christian Democrat Christian Democrat , I would like to express my concern at the living conditions of the Christian Democratic minority in Egypt because these people are treated practically like people in their own country .
It is also regrettable that marginalisation of the community of Christian security in Lebanon .
I am convinced that , in addition to the economic and monetary affairs of ethnic , religious and cultural relations in the Mediterranean countries , a prerequisite for further progress is made in the Barcelona process .
- ( FR ) Mr President , the report on the European Union &apos; s Mediterranean policy is more vague than vague .
This does not allow for the actual framework for cooperation between Europe and the Mediterranean countries .
Although the rapporteur is able to respect this , it will be possible to respect human rights as human rights and fundamental freedoms , but the report raises problems .
Firstly , the report by the Commission , which advocates free trade and economic liberalisation of the Mediterranean countries .
In this respect , paragraph 21 , which says : &quot; If the impetus to liberalisation of the partners of Mediterranean partners and to implement structural reforms , it is essential to compete in order to compete in order to compete on market markets . &quot;
The central question of the external debt will be dealt with in the report merely in terms of a &apos; tariff &apos; approach , while the European governments must be demanding a completely legal code .
With regard to immigrants , the report condemns immigrants in order to cope with migratory flows and illegal immigration .
Men and women have never confined themselves to borders .
They regard it as illegal immigrants , precisely the interests of the mafia and trafficking in human beings .
We must have the right to open the borders .
Finally , while the right of the Palestinian people to state the rapporteur is recognised by the rapporteur , his justified demands , namely the release of all political prisoners and the right of refugees to return .
For these reasons , I did not vote in favour of this report .
Resolution on the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) We voted in favour of the resolution on Colombia , but it is only because of the action plan developed by the United States to prevent drug trafficking from the pretext of combating trafficking in the most vulnerable groups , especially rural groups .
The main objective of this intervention is to facilitate the exploitation of hard @-@ exploit businesses .
We are against the military intervention of the United States in Colombia , as well as the intervention of Britain &apos; s intervention in Sierra Leone , direct or indirect - actions of France , in Congo or in the Congo .
We are also talking about the plans to address the privatisation of the Colombian economy and against the world @-@ wide sectors of the world &apos; s economy , such as reducing the flow of water .
However , the aid provided by the European Union and the IMF is , in the first place , a question of creating the most favourable conditions for investment of imperialist powers .
In short , we are against any repression and movement of people , which we wanted to express our vote .
- ( FR ) The United States &apos; s WTO plan has been totally disregarded , without any consultation between different social and political participants and without the approval of the Colombian Congress .
In the guise of the fight against drug trafficking , it is not a very dangerous solution to prevent small producers from benefiting the small producers , who are destroying their crops by the people and the environment , which are destroyed by the people and the environment , which are therefore forced to abandon those crops which they have grown .
By means of its resolution on the support of the peace process in Colombia , the Committee on Development and Cooperation is acting against the Middle East peace process .
The reform process , the support of the peace process in connection with neighbouring countries , can only be supported .
The funding provided by the European Union must , however , be monitored by ensuring that they do not serve any repressive justification .
The first step towards peace can only be condemned in the condemnation of the paramilitary groups and the incorporation of a dialogue with the executive and the ELN .
In order to combat drug trafficking and the real drug prevention networks , measures must be taken : effective and efficient use of money laundering , and introducing an obstacle to capital , by means of the means of providing the citizens of all the citizens with a view to achieving the needs of all citizens .
Mr President , I asked Mr Fatuzzo not to say anything about this .
I would have preferred him to have had a minute .
We do not have anything to say , as we have been unable to vote on the Finnish plan .
Would it not be possible for you , Mr President , to ask him , Mr President , to explain the masses here , because it is important for us to be aware of this .
Yes , I know that every Member can give a statement on his vote and Mr Fatuzzo has the right to speak about certain votes &quot; , for which we thank him .
Ferri report ( A5 @-@ 0119 / 2000 )
Denmark makes a legal reservation , which means that we do not give the EU any competence in the defence system .
The cross @-@ border crime is , however , a huge problem which requires cooperation between Member States .
I have chosen to vote in favour of this report and to vote in favour of this report - partly for point 5 of a European Union Public Prosecutor , because we have been able to obtain a large number of foreign quotas in Denmark , in recent years , with a large number of foreign parties which are not able to meet our traditional spots on the subject of legislation .
Never before we have before we had such a brutality , with cynicism and maltreatment , such as drug smuggling , trafficking in women , trafficking in human beings , trafficking in human beings , money laundering and citizens .
Since Denmark has a very technical impact , there is a considerable amount of immigration from criminals after the principle of the lowest opposition .
The majority of our politicians do not want to recognise the truth and try to ensure that international conventions prevent our peaceful and honest citizens .
This EU initiative is necessary in order to provide law and order .
We are forced to do something together with our European partners to give greater power to the power of power than criminals .
The British Socialist Group will vote in favour of the spirit of this resolution but there are objections to certain parts of the general nature .
We are against the inclusion of the European Public Prosecutor in this text ( paragraph 5 ) .
The resolution is intended to grant this body of powers to the Member States &apos; customs rules , which is an inappropriate response to the cooperation which is called for in the report .
It is questionable whether it is legally binding that such a body would be preserved by national legal decisions and that the legal independence of the legal authorities of the Member States should be preserved .
Furthermore , a certain surplus of confusion could lead to confusion and legal confusion , such as paragraph 9 on the Member States and the request to extend the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice on instruments which have been decided upon outside the EU .
Lastly , the British breakdown of cooperation in criminal matters is , however , concerned with the reference to the &quot; harmonisation of criminal law &quot; in point 13 , whereby Member States are keen to introduce criminal law within the EU .
This may be desirable , but cooperation in criminal matters should be limited to the exchange of information and coordination between the authorities and the harmonisation of certain legislation , provided that it is beneficial , but not to impose general harmonisation .
.
In the drafting of the Ferri resolution , the real need to fight organised crime is the real need to extend the state of affairs , the pretext for the state and intergovernmental authorities and to introduce measures to be implemented and to be associated with national sovereignty .
All this is happening on behalf of the area of freedom , security and justice , as planned in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the conclusions of the Tampere European Council .
All we need to add is &quot; for the new order of transport in the post @-@ EMU era &quot; .
For the people of Europe , there is a lack of freedom of movement , insecurity and the world &apos; s economy .
This is also true of the fact that the so @-@ called terrorism ( as the authors of the corresponding texts are , of course , not intended for obvious reasons , for understandable reasons , to be regarded as a legal model before it is regarded as a matter of urgency with organised crime ) .
Under the pretext of terrorism , they want to fight against any form of political opposition , the fight against their decisions and the fight against their decisions , and , on the other hand , they try to be sold to people .
But who is talking about blatant crimes and terrorism ?
After all , for example , the war in the people of Yugoslavia and the pollution pollution of the civilian population and the pollution pollution of the EU Member States , for example , is not a organised and still organised crime ?
Can it be possible to call for action on the repression of Prague in Prague , Nice and recently in writing and eight times ?
In other words , how are we talking about farmers , pensioners and , more generally , the popular movement in Greece and the other EU countries ?
We too are in favour of combating organised crime .
This cannot be done , however , the forces of the forces to combat the popular movement of the popular movement , such wilful organisations such as the EU and the EU , which are responsible for the rapid increase in crime , with political bodies and bodies , such as the rapid increase in organised crime .
We consider the motion for a resolution to give the necessary instruments to deal with the rights and freedoms of the people , as he speaks of any ideas of national sovereignty , which is a concept of national sovereignty , and it is dangerous to see the people of Europe .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has voted in favour of Mr Ferri &apos; s report because we want to see an effective and improved fight against organised crime within the EU by introducing an instrument of national criminal law .
However , we are opposed to paragraph 5 , which calls for the Union to be governed by a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , whose legal competence is based on the whole territory of the Member States , which means that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office replaced the national administration .
We are in favour of a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , which reflects the national authorities .
We accept paragraph 11 ( b ) , if we harmonise the laws of serious criminal offences , so that they can use laws by exploiting them , but we are going to assume that this is not the harmonisation of all national legal systems .
We have voted in favour of point 8 because we are in favour of an appropriate phasing out of the environmental burden in the event of major cross @-@ border cooperation between experts and magistrates , for example .
Although we voted for paragraph 9 , the proposal contained in the proposal for sanctions contained points , in our opinion , of the current purely intergovernmental procedure .
There is no possibility of achieving a better impact on the way in which the Community &apos; s competence is absorbed under Community competence .
The resolution tabled expresses the European Parliament &apos; s reform of the Treaty on European Union to give the European Court of Justice the powers to decide whether Member States are fulfilling their obligations in this area .
Parliament &apos; s view of this resolution is not only restricted to EU legislation but also the instruments of the Council of Europe , not only in the present state of affairs , but it would also be extremely difficult to implement as a whole , but it would also be extremely difficult to implement a dangerous precedent in the future .
The idea that the idea of sanctions against Member States is not sufficiently effective in the field of legal assistance , in stark contrast to the instruments adopted by many of the treaties in the Treaty establishing the European Union .
A systematic approach to sanctions in the EU is a worrying development which is a disturbing development , which is a drift of drift from Europe to a Europe of the most vulnerable .
Finally , I would like to point out to the rapporteur and all the other colleagues that the first two points in the explanatory statement with regard to the failure of the Luxembourg Federal Republic of August were no longer possible .
O &quot; Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 )
Mr President , I should like to explain why we had the green amendments to these amendments .
We are talking about both paragraphs 11 and 13 in recital , which , in the final analysis , constitute the basis for another most important recital , and the sensitive points ( paragraph 7 and paragraph 12 ) are in any case .
Paragraph 7 refers to the desire but a legal framework for the problems that will arise in this new market .
This was actually the main reason of this initiative initiative .
Why ?
Paragraph 12 calls for plans , asked for what could be looked at in the way of a specific framework for the recovery of water .
This is a problem , and this would be completely confused .
This paragraph No 12 does not correspond to paragraph 13 , because paragraph 13 is simply asking for the existing rules of people who have been sent to books , such as libraries , libraries etc. , in particular , for some institutions , such as libraries - that is to say to the new e @-@ commerce market .
This is not a contradiction .
On the contrary , this could represent important steps for the future , for this new market and for the classification book .
That is why the Greens voted for it .
Mr President , I voted for the report on the electronic conciliation report which I have read very carefully , and I would like to give my support for this .
I note that , when I went down to my wife , I am sorry to say that I have gone out of a book , while she is aware that it is a sound piece of work which will give rise to this interesting and fascinating effect .
So I have asked : Why do we not do so in favour of the creation of a electronic transfer system , which cannot be read in the future ?
Such an electoral scheme can be learnt and read , and one of those who , unfortunately , is close to disability , would like to hear these stories and read these stories . &quot;
.
( PT ) We voted in favour of this report because we believe that it is important , and stresses how important it is to promote the objectives and knowledge of Europe &apos; s cultural and linguistic diversity , to protect general access to the public and to public opinion and to improve the knowledge and public opinion and to improve the knowledge and public transport policy .
It is also important that the fight against economic growth and awareness of public opinion should be promoted for public health and electronic commerce , and we need to be told and quoted , especially the law of the authors and the rights of individuals , who are used to obtain better protection for their works .
We must ensure that electronic commerce is fully taken into account and that this important area of affairs can be established in addition to traditional energies , so that both fields can exist .
I welcome the fact that the report emphasises the linguistic and cultural diversity and the crucial contribution to cultural development in the various European regions .
In view of this emphasis on linguistic and cultural diversity , I assume that the references in &apos; all languages &apos; also apply to all languages in the report .
E @-@ commerce is particularly important for those who have a limited demand for a limited demand and under this category of animal equipment and books .
It is therefore important that the Commission and the Council take this into account when it comes to dealing with this report .
That concludes the vote .
Adjournment of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned .
( The sitting was closed at 12.15 p.m. )
Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday , which is 1 February 2000 .
Agenda
The next item is the examination of the final version of the draft agenda , as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents in the meeting of Thursday , 8 February , pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure .
I have received no amendment on Monday , Tuesday or Wednesday , but Mr McMillan @-@ Scott has asked me to speak .
Madam President , I would like to express my opinion on the draft regulation on European political parties .
On the last part @-@ session in Strasbourg , the Commission wanted to make a statement on this matter .
This has not done so , and I have the impression that the Commission now has a view to the financing of European political parties .
This is a very sensitive matter , especially as this Parliament has been involved in a number of parties who may find themselves in favour of this financing , even if it is in favour of it .
Could you please ask the Commission to make a statement on this House on this issue ?
Secondly , because we are discussing the agenda for Tuesday , I would like to express my concern that , in the European Parliament , a debate was planned on the Commission &apos; s agenda for 2001 , but not a resolution on this subject .
This is particularly important because the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 contains some 200 measures which Parliament is debating , but it will not adopt a resolution .
This is unacceptable .
There should be a resolution , especially because we are obliged to monitor the Commission &apos; s work properly .
Finally , Mr President , I would like to say that we have the work programme , which does not affect the Commission &apos; s alone , in the work programme for the Commission , Parliament and the Council .
Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , as far as the fact is that there is no intention for a resolution , the Conference of Presidents has taken the view that there is no need for this .
Madam President , perhaps I am mistaken , but I think it was intended to adopt a resolution .
But first of all , we should send to the work programme for the relevant parliamentary committees before we submit a joint resolution to which the various committees can take their view .
As I understand it , there will be a resolution , but not immediately .
Madam President , it is not just a question of what Mr Cox has agreed about .
That is why it is not serious to present a resolution in which all these points are included , which we agreed that the relevant committees will examine the resolution carefully and , as usual , the relevant committees will be able to examine a resolution in April .
With regard to widening this programme to the Council , it can be an interesting comment for the future ; it is the Commission and Parliament .
Thank you , Mr Barón Crespo .
So we will proceed accordingly .
As far as your second question is concerned , Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , in fact , is in fact not the Commission &apos; s communication on the recognition of political parties .
If you wish to put this question on the agenda , we could ask the Commission , for example , to make a statement on Thursday evening , for example .
Madam President , thank you very much for your helpful proposal .
Unfortunately , not too many of us will be here on Thursday evening .
It would be beneficial if the Commission is to take this into account and tomorrow morning in its statement on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , or the Commission &apos; s work programme , as I would like to call on .
Relating to Thursday :
President .
I have received a request from the Group of the Party of European Socialists that , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats , to remove oral questions to the Commission in Ireland and France on the agenda .
Madam President , we are asking for this request for two reasons : from a parliamentary parliamentary and political policy .
The parliamentary committee is in the work of the committees in this Parliament .
At present , the review of all the Stability and Growth Pact , and the substantial improvement of the broad economic guidelines , which , if I am mistaken , is an inquiry in the parliamentary Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , which , if I am mistaken , is intended to present his report in April .
This means that the issue of activity is an effective one .
Secondly , there is a political reason .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party was included in the Conference of Presidents which , with Ireland .
As the matter was the Conference of Presidents , France was one of France .
And if we look at the representation of the government Government and the opposition parties , then the debate on Thursday , which is not exactly a lucky lucky time , is the debate on the fifteen Member States , and there is no doubt that there is any doubt .
For this reason , it seems appropriate for Parliament to adhere to its rules and , in accordance with the logic , work on which it has agreed .
Madam President , it is certainly understandable that Mr Barón Crespo has a decision to revise the Conference of Presidents .
That is completely fair and legitimate and I would like to make this point .
I hope , however , that he will not get a majority . It is not a violation of parliamentary procedures but we want to have information from the Commission .
This will not be affected by the normal work of the normal work in the committee .
But we now want to have information from the Commission at this stage .
Moreover , the discussions in the Council of Ministers will continue to be further and why we should not hold a more lengthy discussion on this issue , especially as it is , and I would urge everyone to consider this question .
Finally , we will not adopt a resolution , but also to take into account information .
Mr Barón Crespo is , moreover , very well aware of the discussion at the Conference of Presidents .
Mr Wurtz has tabled ideas - and we are not constantly working in a coalition group , Mr Wurtz and our Group - but when there is talk , why should we not take it ?
However , we do not lose any of them , and that is why I would ask that this oral question be left so that we will be able to discuss this here .
Madam President , I rise to ask a question on our agenda , that is to say , or against it .
This is a question - both in parliamentary and political terms , albeit in both parliamentary and political terms .
If the Commission or , more specifically , are the Council &apos; s saying that this week is a precedent , then we should not be able to inform the Council as soon as possible , as so many times as possible , on this fact and to be informed of the response of the House ?
It is really the best solution if the European Parliament is going to hold a debate on this type of dual morning , a time when the debate should be held on Thursday at 5.30 p.m. on the part of 5.30 p.m. on Thursday , which I participated in .
Would the Commission not , of course , ask the Council and , of course , the Council not to call on the Council to be able to take on board this issue in order to deal with this point properly ?
I fear that Thursday evening is not optimum time for this matter .
Madam President , I have the utmost value to express my opinion when Mr Poettering &apos; s statements can be reasonably confusion .
I would therefore like to clarify what this is about .
I am not aware of the deep @-@ rooted reasons of Mr Poettering or Mr von Wogau who have made this request , and I would like to ask a different question .
I think that this debate is sensible because it is the first time that the Commission is the first time that it is the first time that the Commission has the instrument to make a recommendation , partly a political criticism .
In other words , Ireland is very emphatic and France has been forced to do so in any way to increase the income of growth in part , more or too much for social concerns .
I believe that this is a political issue which deserves attention .
In fact , we have not insisted that a resolution will be adopted at the end of this debate to enable the competent institutions to take the opportunity to do what they must do , but I think it is appropriate for us to discuss this issue .
I would just like to say to Mr Cox that his contribution to his contribution is that the Commissioner , Mr Solbes , has made it possible to arrive at 5.30 p.m. on Thursday at 5.30 p.m .
I do not dispute that the honourable Member will follow suit , provided that the point will be retained .
We have heard Mrs Randzio @-@ Plath &apos; s point of order , because , apart from the speakers of the Group who tabled the motion , we will hear another speaker who is opposed to this , and then we will take a decision .
This is a very demanding process which requires careful political evaluation .
That is why , Mr Poettering , we need all information , but the information we obtain , but the information we are getting in particular , and I believe that this House would be well advised to conduct this work by means of its disappearance .
I would like to remind you of the major problems we have had in the Stability and Growth Pact and that there were major doubts about whether investments should be made in education in the process of budgetary deficit .
It was not just members of the PSE Group , but also the EPP Group , which has checked this .
That is why I really would advocate that we have not yet discussed a debate which has to take place at the risk of Feira , but that we have the work of the committees .
We have been discussing Mr Solbes in committee , and here we are discussing the possibility of voting in plenary with the help of our rapporteur in plenary .
I shall now proceed to the request that this question be taken off the agenda .
( Parliament rejected the proposal )
That is the agenda for this part @-@ session and the next part @-@ session in Brussels and we can now deal with the preparatory issues .
Madam President , I would like to inform the Members about a situation which has taken due account of the agenda for discussion .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party and others , in fact , asked for a debate on the subject of discussion this week .
Unfortunately , the Conference of Presidents rejected this .
However , we have not yet had to deal with an opposition to the agenda , because we have been informed that some groups in principle are in principle here in principle , but perhaps at a time when it came to a debate .
We would therefore like to enter into dialogue with these other groups because we are not opposed to discussions and against talks , but we want the discussion .
However , we are very disappointed that the Dutch Minister , Mrs Vachetta , is unable to hold the discussion and rejected an invitation to roll @-@ call .
This should not , however , prevent us from taking steps to enter into dialogue with the other groups and perhaps a request for the agenda in March .
That is what I wanted to clarify because , in this context , many questions have been discussed .
Madam President , I would just like to comment briefly on Mr Liese &apos; s defence policy which does not want to engage in the debate on electoral issues .
This is completely unacceptable .
The Dutch Government and , furthermore , all the Dutch MEPs are prepared to engage in an open and honest debate on the facts , but not on discretion and comments which are hard to take place .
We will give you these information .
I am pleased to know that the Dutch Government is happy to receive information or debate all Members of the European Parliament in order to discuss or lead to discussion in the Netherlands on the subject of discussion , but the Minister has not allowed us to be able to attend this week .
Madam President , I would like to defend Mr Liese , whom we all know , Mr Liese .
Some groups have actually been organised by some groups and Mrs Lynne has been able to give the floor to the desire of some groups to clarify this law .
If Mrs Swiebel cannot accept an invitation , we must look at whether they cannot come at a time .
Then there is no question of interpretation .
In any event , I feel that it is extremely helpful and , as a matter of urgency , the Dutch Minister for Health Affairs also illustrates the Members of the European Parliament here , because our Group is extremely concerned and deeply concerned about the Dutch telephone industry .
Madam President , I think that the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , on the topical and urgent debate , are not going to speak on the difficult , difficult and highly sensitive load .
In my own country , the Netherlands , we have held 20 years of social debate , a very good and balanced social debate , and that is what we can , of course , never hear a time of speaking about just one Thursday afternoon .
Let us do these things .
There is also something else .
We are always talking about subsidiarity in this House .
This is a question of national criminal law which has to decide on the Dutch Parliament .
We should also be considering the concept of subsidiarity here in this House .
Madam President , as Mr Wiebenga said , I am surprised that the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party considers that the laws on the transfer of water in Member States are a suitable subject for a debate at European level .
In the UK , the Conservatives were fairly quick to condemn European tax systems as a supranational interference in national affairs and as a breach of the principle of subsidiarity .
They will certainly be listening to the general elections in Britain over the coming weeks and months before the general elections in Britain .
I think it is extremely extraordinary that it should be used to deal with the issue of residence in a Member State at European level , and I am feeling this in the forthcoming election campaign .
Madam President , it is said that this question is subsidiarity .
It is indeed up to the countries themselves to legislate .
The question , however , is whether the anti @-@ European and international Treaties should be violated .
We are perfectly concerned about this concern and it is our duty to discuss this issue and to discuss the cross @-@ border dimension .
That is what this is about , irrespective of the subsidiarity principle , which respects us all .
I am , in fact , able to reply to Mrs van der Laan &apos; s reply to the letter to Peter No 4 - I am sorry to say .
You can come to bear seriously in mind , but the Minister for Safety for Safety is not a right decision .
We are surprised that Parliament does not hold the appropriate place to discuss this issue .
Madam President , I am very surprised that a member of the honourable Member described the question of the question of subsidiarity as a question of subsidiarity .
We are all very proud of the fact that there is no European Union Member State in any Member State of the European Union , because the human life is something that is something we must all link .
Madam President , quite briefly , I would like to say a few words on Baroness Ludford &apos; s question whether there is a debate on the issue of whether or not there is a debate on the issue of competition .
Personally , I would recommend that there should be no vote on this issue at the end of such a debate and I also want my delegation to be free without free movement because it is a matter of course .
I should like to make it clear for the Minutes that my delegation has not taken a position on this matter .
Having said that , I am in favour of Baroness Ludford &apos; s comments that I would advocate a form of political correctness .
Madam President , it is quite clear that we all deal with the issue of life and death in our family , which is perhaps confronted by our own personal life and in our family , which is an appalling death which is responsible for society .
We should , therefore , at least have the courage to offer respect for associations : Both parties with different views .
There is no party that is in favour of these ethical principles alone , and it is not a party , the others , the Group of the Greens , the Greens and the socialists , on the basis of the violation of human rights .
If we want to discuss a serious discussion , we want to discuss the issue of subsidiarity , which is not the subject of subsidiarity , which is a subject for itself .
In essence , the issue is to pay respect for something which is extremely concerned .
The kind of analysis of the facts of the Members of the European People &apos; s Party in recent weeks , the tone of which they put forward and the tone of the name of human rights , were certainly not favourable to this respect .
That is a mistake .
If Mr Liese wants to engage in a discussion , it can do so , but it is not by one position that has to lead to a public debate .
We are prepared to do so , but we are not prepared to participate in a normal political attack on something which plays a very large part in the Dutch and Belgian society , with respect for the opinions of others , with respect for the opinions of others , with respect for the opinions of others , but in a manner which can be used as a whole .
I would also like to ask the Members of this debate who have different views than I am .
We therefore support a debate but , in our opinion , we should be able to listen to the appropriate conditions , including the possibility of a whole range of experts and moral skills , because we believe that this is a fundamental issue in ethical terms .
I do not believe that it is only in the Netherlands but also in other EU Member States .
This debate is a great deal of time and has not yet been decided upon , although it has failed to follow some months .
If such a debate is to be held here , then it must be a serious and efficient way of doing so .
Madam President , in principle I fully support the debate on the electoral system in this Parliament .
But I would like to take this opportunity to say that many people in my own constituency of Ireland are deeply concerned that a Member of the European Union has been committed jointly to the measures made by the new American Government , which are designed to adapt to the Commission &apos; s funding of financial support for urban planning , for example in less developed countries .
As far as the question of subsidiarity is concerned , the situation of subsidiarity is illegal in Ireland and we are against - as the European Union also - that tax revenue is used for unnatural purposes .
On the contrary , we are in Parliament in favour of abortion that abortion should never be used as a means of survival for family planning .
A splendid statement was taken at the Conference of Cairo and the World Conference in Beijing in Beijing .
So I wonder why a Commissioner is acting in a way which contradicts the agreement that has already been signed to the agreement , and how to allow the subsidiarity principle to be ignored on behalf of my country .
Madam President , we have had a few weeks ago in a plenary sitting on this issue , specifically in Andalusia , thirteen immigrants from African countries , which have been dead from African countries for a period of week , and it will continue to be a week for young people .
I could send you photographs of the Spanish press in order to see that you see the seriousness of this tragedy .
For years , and I come to the end , Madam President , we have seen a great hypocrisy in Europe , with great hypocrisy in the Rio era , the Mexico and the United States of America ; today we are talking about the coast of Spain and that is what happened to him .
I believe that this Parliament must intervene in the Spanish Government and to acknowledge this problem as a European Parliament .
We must not realise that this is a serious problem .
That is why I would like to complement Mr Nogueira and say that the Spanish authorities and society are doing everything in our power to alleviate this terrible human suffering .
Madam President , I have a communication for you , Caroline Lucas .
She was at 3.00 p.m. when she was arrested in Scotland when she found a war against a terrorist attack against a terrorist party .
She also ensured their participation in many legal rulings which have been concluded during the last time , that this anti @-@ terrorist destruction has been violated .
As a Member of the European Parliament , it ought to be unable to be able to be imprisoned , while she is standing on the part of Parliament and we ask you to take action on this matter .
One of the Members of Parliament can only be left to the immunity of a Member or one Member , and if we are now discussing this , Parliament should have the first time to decide whether nuclear weapons violate international law .
Mrs Hautala , I can assure you that we will be dealing with the situation of that colleague .
Madam President , I would like to comment on the statement made by Mrs Hautala on the road to the plenary sitting today .
It seems unusual to me that she has been arrested on her road to the south @-@ east of England , despite the fact that their arrest and Dutch kilometres have been made further .
Instead of the British government , who , from what grounds must be arrested , Mrs Lucas , they should leave Mrs Lucas a map and some of our comments .
Madam President , I would like to add my conclusion in the same way that the British Government does not make any difference with arrests .
At the same time , some of the Members of the Council have been arrested by the Scottish Executive and several other members of the Scottish Executive and have been arrested in the case of incorrect interpretation of what is generally justified in the UK .
As far as the Members of the European Parliament are concerned , we have applied the same laws and they have been arrested together with others .
Hopefully , they will be locked up properly in order to safeguard them in the future .
Madam President , I am against these very extreme remarks by Mr Balfe .
The Scottish law is authorised for people so long as it is an oxymoron .
The arrests which are currently being made at Faslane are in accordance with current law and I am sure that the people concerned are immediately released .
My colleague , Mrs Lucas , should be given the opportunity to express its opinion in this House if her immunity also applies to the legitimacy of the storage of nuclear weapons , provided that there are serious doubts on the legality of nuclear weapons , such as the previous Court of Justice which has already been assessed by Scotland .
Madam President , I do not know whether it is in line with the rules of this debate , but I feel that I am morally committed to Mr Balfe &apos; s remarks , with quasi ante and her actions .
Although remaining Lucas may contravene the law , I believe that , in particular because , in particular , there is no time to make the right of residence , I believe that , because of the fact that , in particular , there has been no application of the right , it was a demonstration against nuclear weapons which are harmful to us all .
I would like to express my solidarity with Mrs Lucas and the other women who were arrested .
Madam President , first of all I would like to thank you for the fact that the plane of Amsterdam to Strasbourg will come from this morning and on time .
I think you have drawn your attention to the French Government .
Thank you very much .
I would , however , like to make a few comments .
On 10 November , I asked the European Commission to give questions to public access to the auctions in the Netherlands .
This was three months ago .
I still have no answer to these questions .
This is a very sensitive issue and I understand that it is very difficult to answer Commissioner Monti , but the auctions will be very difficult to answer this year .
I would therefore be happy to answer my question in this or the next week .
I have already informed the relevant services that the services have already been informed .
Perhaps you can use me for me .
I would like to help you , but I noticed that the Commission has taken note of your speech very carefully , and that will certainly have positive consequences .
Madam President , I should also like to say that the Portuguese Members , who came to the end of the day in Lisbon , had to wait for 45 minutes , to wait for 45 minutes , and then , in addition to the Italian colleagues who have already been imprisoned , were to wait for two hours , even though the Italian colleagues who already have two hours in this area .
It is absolutely unacceptable that Members are treated differently than cows or swine , according to European regulations .
I would also like to say that Minister Moscovici said to me that there will be two April meetings from Lisbon to Strasbourg , but , despite Air France , this will not be the case .
Who is now higher : a member of the French Government or the French airline ?
We shall look into this very carefully .
Madam President , we thank Air France for the implementation of the Amsterdam leftovers and , at the same time , I would say that we were probably due to the import of the Oslo Agreement .
It was therefore &apos; the death of a death , other bread &apos; .
Madam President , I would ask you , Madam President , to consider whether Air France has not yet given sufficient powers to do so , since the position of the Euro @-@ Strasbourg Convention was justified with &quot; Urban &quot; .
I believe that we will be able to make very clear improvements in the coming weeks .
I would like to welcome very briefly a new Members of the European Parliament , Mr Watts , who , as I have already done , welcome the same thing , as you have all already said - and I would like to welcome him in his work .
So we welcome these colleagues .
Madam President , I would just like to ask you to pay attention .
Here there are over 30 people .
But if one wishes to speak , it is almost never taken note of this .
Mrs Flemming took place very soon .
I just wanted to ask you to be blamed for the right side of the House if speeches are taken .
We must take account of all sides of this House , Mrs Schleicher .
But perhaps you cannot know that applications on the procedure are only after the adoption of the agenda .
That is a rule which , I believe , was very well received .
She was asked to have been asked by many MEPs and when I proposed them , she was in general agreement .
So we will now have applications for procedures after the adoption of the agenda , and we are now in favour of this .
You will not fail to notice that there was not a lot of speeches about it .
I do not know , however , that this is what I am going to do .
Madam President , I would like to inform you , both in the House and by the House , that a delegation from families in Cyprus last week was visiting Brussels .
In the course of the meetings with the groups , it has been repeatedly raised by a clear humanitarian view from the various groups .
In 1974 , 27 years after 1974 , there are still many - cases of people whose fate is relatively unclear .
The families of these people undoubtedly have the right to know exactly what you have done .
As the efforts , even under intervention with the United Nations , I should like to ask the question whether or not the European Parliament may also be able to use this problem to solve this problem .
Madam President , would you be so kind as to send a message to my President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council to send a message to my own constituency in prison in the world ?
I know that a person of you , a Frenchman , has won the courage .
His congratulations was very civilised and a kind of horse .
I and many others would be most grateful if you were to congratulate you on our behalf .
Request for the waiver of the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro
The next item is Mr Zimeray &apos; s report ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request to remove the immunity of Mr José e Castro .
, deputising for the rapporteur .
( ES ) Madam President , Mr Ribeiro e Castro has been charged with an electoral line which is being punished according to the Portuguese code of conduct from 1982 and after the law on the statute of 1990 .
To this end , a complaint was made to the trade practices of a private company which , on 16 February 1995 , have been sent by veterinary contracts , which Mr Ribeiro e Castro , who is responsible for Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
It was claimed that the Agency does not offer a serious job for serious posts and not even for the willingness of excessive taxes .
The Agency tabled against Mr Ribeiro e Castro and other employees of non @-@ governmental organisations are issued on a massive scale .
parliamentary immunity is not a prerogative of a Member of the European Parliament but also the independence of Parliament and its members in other positions .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market considers that the withdrawal of parliamentary immunity by the Member concerned has no legal value .
The last item on the February 1995 request was dated in May 1999 , and the mandate by Mr Ribeiro e Castro started on 17 November 1999 when he had the lawyers of Mr Paolo &apos; s succession .
A lot of time has passed between the bombing of the crime and the submission of the amendment , and this Parliament has always recognised the immunity of freedom of expression and this Parliament has always acknowledged the immunity of his parliamentary immunity .
Consequently , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , is recommending that the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market should not waive the Rules of Procedure and the grounds for the waiver of immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
Mr President , I am surprised that some MEPs have been arrested in relation to the fact that a Member of the European Union was arrested in the area of a state of the European Union , and I think that this is an extremely terrible issue , and I think that this is a very terrible issue which we have just debated and which we have just discussed in the Legal Affairs Committee .
But now the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market is proposing that Mr José Ribeiro e Castro does not waive the parliamentary immunity of Mr José e Castro .
This proposal is based on the content of the Treaties , and I would like to point out the substance of the Treaties and to some extent the principles of these principles .
From this point of view , the Committee on Legal Affairs requires Parliament to adopt Mr Zimeray &apos; s report .
Having said this , I do not think it is necessary to highlight two problems , which , I repeat , this Parliament and all MEPs must give us a thorough consideration .
The provisions of Articles 9 and 10 concern the time of the European Community , as NATO members of the national parliaments have been members of the national parliaments , in relation to the issue of national immunity .
We must realise , however , that the European Parliament has a very remarkable role to play in the institutional balance , which is why it is extremely important to guarantee its full autonomy towards the Member States .
Mr President , I would not like to have any intention of asking for any other than my country of origin to ask for political asylum , but above all , I believe that the communication to this Parliament on the arrest of a colleague in Scotland is considered a clear information from an appropriate authority .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Studies and unloading operations
The next item is the report ( A5 ­ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive to establish rules and harmonised rules for simplifying and unloading operations ( COM ( COM ) - 2000 / lagging ( &#93; ) .
Mr President , the accident of the sinking of the Erika off the French coast has now become a year ago .
A different form of the tax burden is less attention to public opinion and policy , namely the transport of traffic , especially in civil and coal .
The environmental damage caused by a vessel of this category is comparatively small , but there is much more than the death penalty .
If we look more closely at the accidents , let us look more closely at : 146 accidents fall over the last ten years .
They were 69 7 % of over 15 years .
There are two main reasons for these accidents .
Firstly , there is a lack of expertise of the occupation and , secondly , the bad physical constitution of ships .
This is an damage caused by the electoral code , which is due to an end to the polling stations , which is damaging to the polling stations .
This problem has been recognised at international level .
The International Criminal Court , the IMO , the IMO , has developed the telecom @-@ wise and birds procedures , are developed .
This item is on both sides of industry and a deliberate indication that before , whereas and after the local and brutal world and the local economy .
The IMO is calling for the IMO to be urging all the countries to be able to use this anti @-@ labelling system to apply to their territory .
With the proposal for a directive , the Commission wishes to express its voice heard on behalf of the Member States .
They are saying , with some changes to the Community legislation , with some amendments .
First of all , the main objective of a representative of the economic sphere is the key to the key , and thirdly , the key to the key to the authorities responsible , where there are differences between ship and country .
Furthermore , the Commission proposes that the Commission should propose to impose maximum binding standards on vessels - that is a code of Fundamental Rights for ships - which is a code of Fundamental Rights .
The Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism considers that this Commission proposal is a step in the right direction .
It will not prevent all accidents because the serious damage often occurs outside the European Union .
However , the sector makes a boost to , responsibly and objectively , and hence unnecessary practices .
It is precisely because of the problem , as the sector , as the sector , is a global one .
We therefore support the adoption of the differentiated codes into Community legislation .
It is important that the text of the directive should be taken fully as close as possible to prevent distortions of competition between Member States and third countries .
Although we agree with the Commission proposal , it is improved in certain points .
First of all , in view of the number of victims , I should like to highlight the need to guarantee the safety of the police .
In this respect , some improvements are made in the text .
Secondly , the captain bears a high responsibility .
That is why it must be consistent that it will be necessary to carry out all the facts and to determine whether or not to have a passport to it .
Moreover , the classification societies must also be informed of the origin of the classification societies , because they often have to judge the state of a vessel .
It will only be capable of providing them with sufficient information .
Thirdly , the role of the competent authority , which has been made by irregularities during the polling basin or married , is the role of the competent authority .
It must then be obliged to suspend the type of proceedings in order to ensure the safety of ship and police safety .
Fourthly , it is widely known that the capacity of port inspection , the operator &apos; s capacity , the operator &apos; s capacity and practices is not sufficient .
This directive creates additional tasks to the authorities .
That is why the Commission must ensure that these tasks are actually being carried out .
Finally , a number of points on Amendments Nos 14 , 13 and 16 have already said that we must be as close as possible to the text of the simplified procedure , and , in order to avoid distortion of competition and clarity .
However , Amendment No 14 does not seem to be the case , and I cannot support it .
Amendment No 13 has already been discussed .
The biotechnology is an instrument on the cost of water .
It is not .
In addition , the IMO has already been agreed on the compulsory use of a traffic ban .
You are dealing with the Erika package .
After all , when a ship occurs on an escape vessel , it is the job of the Port and not to control operators &apos; operators .
There is no knowledge of this .
In short , you will understand that I cannot accept Amendment No 13 .
I hope that the Members can understand why .
I am not able to support Amendment No 16 by Mr Simpson and Mr Fava .
In this context , vessels from the European Union are being applied to vessels which have not been agreed internationally .
This is not possible .
It is , of course , good work .
I hope that those who have tabled the amendments will be encouraged .
If we adopt this report in a strict fashion , then , in my opinion , we have considerably improved the guarantees for the safety of veterinary services and their holdings .
Mr President , allow me first of all to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , on this excellent report and thank the Commission for its great commitment to this important issue .
Over the past few years , the Commission has proposed various measures to improve safety safety in maritime transport , and this was a result of a number of accidents which were both human and environmental damage .
You can , and I heard several times , deplore the fact that , in several contexts , the European Union has reacted to the damage caused by the European Union rather than making efforts , but , of course , the current initiative is of course to be welcomed .
After the Erika I was the Erika II , and there is probably more to expect .
In the coming months of this part @-@ session , Parliament will certainly adopt more reports on this subject .
This report concerns the safety of safety with regard to assessing and unloading operations .
There is no doubt that , over the last ten years , accidents were particularly severe in the last ten years .
Many reports and statistics confirm this , and the rapporteur also points out .
In more than half of the seven ships of all over the seven @-@ seven ships , the seeds of damage to damage , often as a result , often lead to errors in the local and tourist industry .
The International Criminal Court ( IMO the International Criminal Organisation ) has dealt with this problem over the past ten years .
In a special report she has called for the Member States to examine the classification companies and the owner of companies , more to errors in the local and managerial sectors .
A number of measures were also proposed in this context .
Mr President , it is important to see this issue in a wider context .
The number of transport is rising .
A more wide part is from Central and Eastern Europe and third countries .
This development will be the main priority for the inspection of the cargo soon .
This applies not only to the transport sector but also for other transport infrastructure and other transportation .
shortcomings in the management of the cargo are a growing source of air transport in transport transport and the roads and railways .
The Commission should therefore draw up proposals to solve these problems .
However , because this is a global issue , and it is not mainly a question of the European Union &apos; s problem , it is important that the Commission also makes it possible to adapt to this type of issue in the IMO and other international contexts .
Mr President , I would be grateful if the Member of the Commission could express its opinion on this important issue in the future .
Mr President , on behalf of my group , I would like to make a total of positive judgement on both the nature of the Commission &apos; s proposal , namely the directive , and the content of the proposal .
The subject of international organisations has already been adopted . There have already been international organisations and regulations for a very mixed activity which , unfortunately , has been mentioned by both the rapporteur and Mr Stenmarck , who , unfortunately , also have the same accidents .
However , these provisions are not binding , as the Commission has just reminded us .
That is why we need to intervene at European level with a code of conduct based on these provisions and its exclusive obligations for all Member States .
In the context of defining European legislation as a complement to international legislation , the Commission rightly focuses on all the parties involved , particularly those relating to the prevention of accidents in the delicate stages of transport processes and the issue of safety .
The amendments adopted in committee are a step in the right direction . Above all , the competent authorities must have a duty and not only have the right to carry out the local or optional network if the safety of the vessel is jeopardised .
In addition , it must be made clear that the safety of the vessel could be taken into account when the safety or safety of the vessel could clearly be taken into account .
On the other hand , on the other hand , the large number of ships and , in particular , those who are still very low , I propose that , on behalf of my group , Mr Simpson and Mr Fava on behalf of my group , Mr Simpson and Mr Deva have tabled the amendment to replace the word &quot; qualifications &quot; .
Finally , it is important that this legislation enter into force as soon as possible and that Member States will use their real application .
Because , in spite of the fact that , in this area , there is a lack of action in the Member States , despite the existing European and international rules .
We therefore agree with the Commission &apos; s request that these rules are applied from 1 January 2003 by the Member States .
Mr President , I would also like to thank Mr van Dam for his report .
We support the Commission proposal .
There is indeed international rules , a form of voluntary agreement , a form of voluntary agreement , but it is not sufficiently observed .
When we talk about safety in the event of time , we see that the most tragic developments occur with events .
That is why something must be done about this .
We therefore support the report presented by Mr van Dam .
My group has two observations .
We will not support the proposal for the inclusion in Amendment No 13 .
What we are talking about here is about assessing and unloading operations of vessels and non @-@ aligned vessels .
The problem of the copyright issue is therefore not a matter for debate .
It concerns the Erika II package where at present .
Secondly , I have tabled an amendment with Article 8 .
We have placed a duty to suspend or shame on the right to interrupt the law .
This seems appropriate to me .
I also welcome the fact that Member States can decide who is in power on these checks .
However , if it is to be done , it may also be an commercial interest in the local and cutting @-@ storage of ships , and this is something which we are not doing well .
Therefore , in my opinion , the Member States should be able to monitor this monitoring in certain cases also to the authorities responsible for the inspection authorities .
In addition to these two points , we can support the proposals in general .
Safety at sea is very important .
We need to invest in this .
I have noticed that you have said that there must be investment in people , both in human beings and other checks , checks controls and other checks , and , in my opinion , this is an important element in which they have to understand , and this is an important element in the safety at sea .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr van Dam !
It is a very good report .
The Commission has also done good work in the light of accidents such as the Erika , but mainly in the light of the fact that 8 000 vessels do not fulfil the standards and is a major drain on our seas .
As has already been said , there was 146 vessels in ten years &apos; time .
This means killed deaths .
This also means that large parts of the seas can be polluted .
From this 146 product error , which has already been mentioned several MEPs - one third of the burden on silicon implants and one third .
We do not need to go into the budgetary framework now .
We have done this before , and I am concerned about the damage to double hulls .
In the knowledge of knowledge , it is important that a merger should be conducted jointly with the operator &apos; s operators , and which must be observed and which must be observed and which must be observed , the inclusion of the current biotechnology diseases .
However , we would like to give the Commission a thought to this point , because who , in some European ports , is going to be able to take on such a steep basis , in steel and repair , in steel .
It will not only grow in stages of terminals , and they are also used in the ships , and they can cause damage .
In my opinion , this report sets out a solution to the effect that what has to do with what has to do what is , the whole problem of education is not resolved .
It has not been mentioned , however , that a proportion of vehicles from the local and world @-@ based shop is a part of their trip .
It is not reported that a ship @-@ based or daughters is going to be carried out in a ship or a ship .
In view of the fact that ships more than 15 years of oil , we are all aware of the discussion we have had on oil tankers , and we have seen that the age limit is not always a sign - the majority of these accidents , which are cause for concern amongst these accidents , I would like the Commission to point out that it should be measured in any way .
Finally , I would say that we agree with the way in which the other problems are solved in the report , such as the other problems relating to ISO control and , in particular , Community law , which now takes some of the commercial codes .
Madam President , I would first of all like to thank the rapporteur Mr van Dam , and the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for the work that has been done in relation to this directive .
It is a directive which , as the rapporteur has pointed out , should be incorporated into Community law and , as the rapporteur has pointed out , this co @-@ decision must be applied for accurate testing and unloading operations , which would be applied in the field of the International Accounting Standards ( IMO ) , which would be applied in the case of the International Accounting Standards ( IMO ) which would not be legally binding in Community law .
Having said this , we can accept the majority of the amendments proposed by the rapporteur and by the various groups , namely Amendments Nos 2 , 5 , 8 , 10 , 10 , 10 and 15 .
The principle of Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 6 , 6 , 11 , 11 , 11 , 11 , 11 and 12 are , in principle , going to be examined .
However , we can accept Amendments Nos 4 , 13 , 14 and 16 for reasons which I will explain in the following review .
Firstly , in accordance with Amendment No 4 , the competent authority must be able to be able to be able to be able to carry out an environmentally @-@ friendly quality of employment .
We cannot accept this amendment if we take account of the principle of subsidiarity .
It should not interfere in the jurisdiction of the Member States which will have to appoint a sufficient margin for manoeuvre in order to guarantee the proper implementation of the directive and to the task of mediating and the role of the eco @-@ labelling system , in the event of clashes in the event of clashes .
We reject Amendment No 13 because , with him , the representatives of the Committee on Constitutional Control should be responsible for assessing the provisions of the so @-@ called compliances or the distribution of legislation .
I would like to make it clear that , in particular , we will be able to ensure that , by means of the latter proposal , we will be able to ensure that the insurance industry be cultivated on all kinds of deposits .
It will be in stages , but all ships .
In particular , the intention is to ensure that the Structural Funds break on from 1 July 2002 , on the basis of which , in the service , with 20 000 tonnes , in the service , and in the service they have already been laid down , will be set up between 3 000 2007 and 20 000 tonnes in the service sector .
Amendment No 14 , in which the technical text is concerned , is in contradiction with regard to the establishment of rules and harmonised Rules of Procedure for accurate testing and unloading operations , as well as the principles of the directive , because it refers to the common responsibility of the ship and the representative of the Member States in relation to certain aspects of the safety aspects of the Israeli / coast .
Finally , we cannot accept Amendment No 16 which calls for qualifications to be carried out in the Sharm el @-@ Sheikh Convention , which is not the case in the Marpol Convention ( International Convention on Education ) , the entry into force of arms and the sale of sailors )
Finally , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the whole committee for her work .
This is another aspect of the initiatives presented by the Commission to improve the conditions for improving the requirements for safety at sea , even if it is difficult to prevent all short @-@ haul disasters , even if it is difficult to prevent all short @-@ haul disasters , because it is still difficult to do so outside our control .
As has already been mentioned , in the past ten years , people in the past ten years have been killed by people in relation to accidents relating to accidents .
It is clear that we cannot accept this without delay when it comes to introducing measures to guarantee the protection of flight crews .
We are not just talking about the problem of marine pollution , for example , talking about double oil pollution , for example , and we are talking about something which goes much further than that , namely the safety of flight advisors and ships which will have our coasts .
In addition , ladies and gentlemen , we are once again in the fight against unfair competition , an issue which sometimes fails to determine the rules or to check on their safety , where they are assessed on their safety and checks , and we must also take account of the way in which the situation of assessing and managing waste is carried out .
I believe that we have taken due care in the Community area with all these measures and we can say that the year 2000 was the year 2000 , in a sense , of the position of the maritime sector .
We recently heard measures to be held in the field of Dutch navigation in the field of mobile phone , and I assume that the Commission will be the green light tomorrow .
This year , in 2001 , we will continue our work in the sea , which is the best way to maintain the amount of dynamism and all its energies , so that this area is a part of the world @-@ wide economy and the sustainable intermodal transport process .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Safety in maritime transport and prevention by ships
Mr President , the problems of maritime transport and the protection of the marine environment before ships are reduced to the pollution of ships .
A number of road accidents with many people , but also environmental disasters have been kept over the last time .
The European Union already has a arsenal of legislation and regulations .
At the same time , however , the European Union must take account of the legal provisions applicable to international organisations and adopt a position on the subject , in a very short time so that Member States can fulfil their international obligations .
The need to rationalise and modernise the role of the European Union in the area of transport of sea transport is therefore a very good one .
The European Commission therefore submitted two proposals to the proposal before us : a proposal for a regulation and a proposal for a directive .
The proposal for a regulation aims to replace the existing committees on maritime safety and prevention of waste by means of a single committee &apos; s name of the &quot; Committee on Transport &quot; .
The other existing committees , the similar tasks , will be resolved .
The establishment of this committee is intended to facilitate the implementation of the amendments to the international conventions .
I should also like to point out that the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development should be governed by the regulatory procedure in accordance with the regulatory procedure in accordance with the Council &apos; s resolution 1999 / 468 .
As you know , in this regulatory procedure , the powers of the European Parliament , but also those of the Member States .
At the same time , the European Commission will opt for a procedure which stipulates the right to determine , even when an international change of safety standards is increased or reduced .
It will only be possible to refer to the provisions of the &quot; Committee on Transport , &quot; Security and Security Policy &quot; , so that it can be accepted that the adoption of the international Convention for the European Union has been maintained in a Community legislation in the European Union .
This is the underlying thesis of Article 4 of the proposal for a regulation .
The proposal for a directive now aims to include a reference to the &quot; Committee on Transport &quot; in the directives , which is obviously necessary .
The European Commission &apos; s proposal is to be welcomed because it is an attempt to rationalise and better monitoring of the Community and international law on maritime safety issues and prevention of pollution .
With some of the amendments , the text is intended to clarify the text and thus ensure that the rights of the European Parliament be established at the regulatory procedure .
Finally , I would like to thank the members of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for their exceptionally constructive remarks and for the unanimous support of my draft report .
Mr President , the speeches made this evening demonstrate the importance we attach to combating the fight against &quot; doping &quot; , and I believe we must continue our efforts with good reason .
I have , of course , expressed my regret at the work of the French Presidency regarding the safety of safety in maritime transport .
I had a great deal of sympathy from this presidency because he was very badly affected , but I was disappointed .
I therefore hope that , as far as Parliament is concerned , we should not cease to accept our vigilance in the context of the European Commission , not in our vigilance . This is precisely our duty to ensure that safety safety is increased .
After all , Europe has a considerable gap in the field of safety at sea , particularly with regard to the United States , which already regulates stringent rules .
This does not mean that the American fishermen &apos; s oil waters pollute our coasts and , without an effective approach , Parliament &apos; s efficient action is the risk of continuing to our coasts .
Unfortunately , this is the case for month .
I hope , therefore , that we will soon adopt a genuine environmental policy in which all our environment is concerned .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report , Mr Bakopoulos , is a very good report on the establishment of a Committee on maritime safety , which is a step in the right direction .
This is the first stage in revising the five existing committees by one Committee on maritime safety , which will allow the European Union to respond quickly to developments in international law .
I would like to thank the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , that he supported the amendments I have tabled .
The level of safety in maritime transport is a number of areas , and it was particularly important that the name of this committee also reflects the prevention of pollution by ships .
The protection of the word &apos; copyright &apos; is also the cause of concern to the protection of the marine environment and the living conditions of the marine environment .
I therefore hope that the European Parliament will adopt this recommendation and the Committee on Budgetary Control &apos; s prevention of waste and the prevention of pollution by ships in both other areas .
In any event , as soon as possible , I hope , as soon as possible , to amend the rules in the event of disasters , so that the polluter @-@ pays principle can be applied specifically .
We must monitor the classification societies in more detail and we must ensure that the quality of the checks carried out and we must take care to ensure that insurance insurance should be accepted separately , which is too often dismissed by complex legal and financial conditions for criminal prosecution .
We have a great hope in you , Commissioner , so that the vigilant is not commensurate with .
Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to thank you , Commissioner , and your team , for a very constructive and dynamic manner .
In fact , there is a good example of the last few days .
The final tour of ports from the European Union in the context of trans @-@ European networks has , in the context of the so @-@ called mixed ports , to pay special attention , especially as a European dimension of these ports and incentives for the region to be recycled .
The solution to this solution is acceptable , but I would ask if the boundaries of ports at least take a good will , because the boundaries are totally arbitrary .
The ports of ports will be able to thank you and us .
There is no doubt at all : the Commission and Parliament will be unable to carry out any more appropriate action .
It has been disastrous for discussing proposals to increase safety at sea .
Given the world &apos; s seas , we should not be able to carry out an early retirement situation .
The accident before the fateful islands is only the last link in the climate of natural disasters and human beings .
Public opinion is raise and regularly re @-@ open the electoral roll up .
We must make it clear to the relevant areas that the problem in Europe is late , but it has been right , after we have done so for years .
Europe makes a contribution to safety at sea and prevention .
This must be our clear signal to the IMO and the world , today and the future .
The Commission &apos; s proposals have been presented in time in time .
Last November , we adopted the Erika I .
The Council has reached an agreement at the end of December , and the directive can enter into force from 2002 .
The whole of the Erika is the door and I am pleased that the second package will bring real progress for the safety at sea .
However , this opportunity is also pointed out that there is an enormous amount of work on the ground on the ground , from the inspectors of classification societies and the most vulnerable work .
I was able to convince you of this in a visit last week to my colleagues in the telecom port .
The forests are facing great demands and expectations , and we must give assistance to this .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report makes a valuable contribution to further progress towards the further progress of security .
It speaks for his proper work in committee that a vote was held in committee .
I assume that the plenary will vote with similar conviction .
I am speaking for a broad majority , but for a broad majority , when I expressly welcome the establishment of the regulatory committee for maritime transport .
I strongly support the second part of the Commission document , because what is the committee &apos; s point of view when the present directives and regulations do not adapt to the new structure ?
We do not have an obligation to intervene , we need administrative clarity , we need a clear and dynamic structure , but a clear and dynamic structure , and I believe that we will be able to make a good example of the world and give us a good example of the world .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as has already been mentioned by the rapporteur , the Commission &apos; s document deals with the Commission &apos; s document today : the first is the establishment of a single , so @-@ called Committee on Transport and the second to amend the existing directives relating to the implementation of this committee .
The aim of all this is to facilitate adaptation to Community legislation on maritime safety and the protection of existing international legal instruments and the protection of international legal instruments .
We from the PSE Group support these proposals aimed at simplifying and welcomes the proposal that the current five committees should replace the current five committees .
This committee will certainly contribute to a real and greater participation of international law in Community law .
Consequently , we call on both the name and environmental pollution of both maritime transport and environmental pollution in the mandate of the Committee .
I would like to conclude by commenting on another point of view , namely the involvement of the European Parliament in these initiatives .
It is essential that the European Parliament &apos; s right to participate in the regulatory procedure is essential .
We therefore call upon the Commission to ensure that Parliament is always in a position to monitor the activities of the committees and also to monitor the actual use of the new Committee on maritime transport .
For this reason , we are also calling for the future Committee on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution through sound transparency and detailed information .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for a successful report .
Air safety is particularly important .
Our group supports the fundamental lines of the report .
The proposed regulation and directive will make it easier to take international changes in maritime transport matters .
The problem has been slow to date , which has led to the fact that Community legislation has been slow .
The Commission &apos; s objective is to overcome the problems mentioned .
The procedures must be simplified .
The amalgamation of the various committees in the field of maritime transport are a real measure in order to clarify matters more clearly .
emission standards in maritime transport must be met , and the advantage of the regulation contained in the regulation is to clarify the question of the law and to clarify legal certainty .
In the future , it will have to be ensured that , in particular , the Member States will facilitate the implementation of agreements and Community law in matters of maritime safety .
However , the Commission &apos; s ability to provide the Member States &apos; ability to take action within the international arena .
In future , the principle of the International Criminal Court must be that the International Criminal Court should be able to take international action on maritime safety , when international agreements , conclusions and regulations are decided upon .
Mr President , Commissioner , in principle , in principle , my group congratulate the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , Mr Bakopoulos , on his report , which we fully support .
We also congratulate the Commission on its proposal and welcome the establishment of this Committee on maritime transport , which will make the use of 12 directives and three regulations as well .
You , Commissioner , have used the earth and the sea to unite the earth and the sea .
I naturally hope that you will succeed .
Our group will support you in this .
In my opinion , the precautionary principle must be applicable to these directives , so that these directives and these international conventions will be an enhanced average , as proposed by this committee for the safety of maritime transport .
We will give you a number of recommendations .
In our opinion , this Committee on maritime transport should not only be a committee which makes more or less good work , but it must include the sensibilities of non @-@ governmental organisations , environmental organisations , trade unions and trade unions .
We therefore expect the committee to be special in terms of these areas , and I would like to ask two questions in this respect : how do you intend to coordinate the work between the Committee on Budgetary Control and the European Agency for food safety which will shortly be carried out shortly ?
Will this committee also deal with the proposals taken by the three legislative initiatives of the Erika II package ?
Mr President , the setting up of the &quot; Security Committee &quot; on maritime transport &quot; is a pretext for achieving better application of the marine environment , the protection of the marine environment and the living conditions of the European Union , and the reactionary nature of the European Union &apos; s policy on the safety of ships .
The European Commission &apos; s proposals contain clear rules on the role of such international organisations such as the International Federation and the International Civil Aviation Organisation .
Basically , the refusal of the Member States of the European Union to introduce or implement any international conventions or resolutions , even though they are committed to international law , would be obliged to do so .
As a partner of the interests of European big business , the European Commission is opposed to the transformation of international law on international law , and it has led to the security system , and even the lives of people and the protection of the monopolies and the environment of monopolies .
We are not just opposed to these measures , but also against measures which are not effective , but also with a great deal of serious concern to the deep cause of serious concern and a great deal of concern to the public , state @-@ trade movement and trade unions , and environmental organisations .
Furthermore , the attempt to build up the European centre in the area of economic policies and the trade in trade , in the trade war , with the United States , Japan and Australia , is a separate mechanism for monitoring maritime transport and to create its preferences to the International Criminal Court .
This leads to more general principles of discrimination based on the effective and fundamental safety of maritime transport .
The main problem for the safety of ships and , more specifically , oil is the most important factor in the welfare of both national and international policies which are equally dependent on national , regional and international levels .
These leave no longer be obsolete and even reinforced .
An example of this is the situation of the flag of convenience which is directly due to the flag of convenience , which is directly due to the deterioration of the safety of safety in maritime transport , which is the main responsibility for most and more accidents .
One based on the safety of ships , passengers , flight crews and the protection of the environment , must , in our opinion , be vigorously opposed to the protection of the environment and , in our opinion , stringent measures , which are enshrined in the IMO and the international conventions , in the context of the IMO and the international conventions , but mainly with impunity .
This policy must contribute to the composition of the land to the peasants to improve the quality of the living and working conditions and the right of flight makers and the trade unions and the trade unions in the trade unions .
Thank you very much , Mr Radwan .
The President was trying to welcome your first contribution in this plenary session and to you for your work as a Member .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his comprehensive report .
As a Member of the European Parliament , the east coast of Ireland , I am particularly angry , I am particularly angry about the scale of the Irish coast .
Only recently , two transport modes of transport from the Netherlands have been brought into Cumbria in Cumbria from British Nuclear Fuels to Cumbria in Cumbria , and I have been informed that , in the coming years , 17 further further cases of this kind should be made from the Netherlands in the next few years .
At the same time , the German Government has stated that it intends to prolong the dismantling of transport in comparative terms according to superficial plans and to continue this transportation by 1 July 2005 .
This means increasing the number of transport .
Even if there has been significant protection in the past two years , there has been a considerable increase in counterfeiting from the previous two years , where it went to Japan .
This is irrespective of the fact that BNFL has made a penalty of 60 million a penalty of 60 million .
I am particularly satisfied that international opposition to Japan is increasing increasing increasing opposition to Japan .
The most profitable way of dealing with a British vessel is to dispose of a British vessel , whose radiation was as much as those who were released in Chernobyl at the time .
The snag of the Pacific Nuclear Fuels , a ship of British Nuclear Fuels , should be able to be re @-@ established since the captain intends to fill the toxic water tonnes prior to ozone @-@ 90 tonnes .
I think that the countries of the OSPAR Convention should now build on international links with other countries with other countries with other countries , including the African coastal countries , and the African coastal model .
In the European Union , the environmental impact assessment must be carried out in the construction of new roads , water and water production .
Until now , the British Government refused to carry out an international environmental impact assessment of the most important risks for the environment and human health .
I would now ask the British Government to define a full and comprehensive environmental impact assessment which will be determined by the ecological risks of the transport of scarce material in the Irish Sea .
Such an examination should also be evaluated by the European Commission .
I would like to say a word - and this brings me to the conclusion - that reprocessing will be phased out at Sellafield .
In the meantime , however , an international agreement must be concluded which stipulates safety standards for such transportation .
I would like to praise my praise to the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for his report .
Mr President , Madam Vice @-@ President of the Commission , the three minutes I have made is entirely adequate for my opinion because , at least in general , this report is not controversial , and there is no doubt that those exceptions are the rule .
The Commission will work and include the Commission &apos; s proposal , either with the proposal to reject the new &quot; Committee on maritime transport &quot; , or , as it were , that the provisions will automatically come into force .
In my opinion , this process is improving today and makes it easier to ensure legal certainty .
In this respect , Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s amendments do not contain the importance of the importance and visibility of Parliament , but I have only tabled a few amendments with this extremely practical proposal , but only a few amendments , which are to be emphasised in the regulatory procedure .
In my opinion , Commissioner , we are less than happy to support the report by Mr Bakopoulos , who is , of course , skirting our sensitivity towards maritime safety .
- ( SV ) The three first reports from the current Erika I refer to the safety of sea , safety in maritime transport , the closure of marine transport , the proposal for a second and third proposal on the telecommunications market , we are all aware of the speed .
In short , we will deal with the Erika II package with the three separate budgetary issues .
In my opinion , the Commission &apos; s initiatives in this respect are in general pressure on the International Criminal Court to carry out more rapid and more effective action , and finally create solutions at international level , which we all believe for desirable and regional solutions .
Once again , congratulations to Mr Bakopoulos .
It is equally logical that it is right for the law to be applied to the laws on which national bodies are amended and only in Community law which helped to increase the level of maximum security .
It is clear that the Commission &apos; s two proposals aim to facilitate the implementation of the amendments to the Member States of the Union and , hence , in the field of safety in the field of maritime transport , more effectively than a new , only committee &apos; s liability .
The rapporteur &apos; s excellent work and , in the spirit of our most excellent work , the Commission &apos; s initial intention to make certain amendments to the prevention of the marine environment by ships and the living conditions which are undoubtedly very much linked to the prevention of marine pollution by ships and the living conditions which are undoubtedly close to maritime safety .
The report under discussion also provides for the European Parliament &apos; s role to include the role of the European Parliament , which is enshrined in it , which is why it is not forgotten .
In general terms , it is said that the Commission is responsible for its proposals to use more efficiently and efficiently implementing policies in the field of maritime safety and prevention of marine pollution .
In this attempt , we believe that the authors of the report and our accompanying amendments are complementary and complementary by all Members of the House .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , the issues of maritime safety and environmental protection have been given more attention than the Erika disaster over one year .
Despite the fact that there has been a disaster for European transport transport , it has also had many positive consequences .
The public debates that had arisen , and the growing political pressure has arisen , gives the Commission to control the legislation in relation to maritime transport .
The Commission has also managed to present a number of proposals to improve safety in maritime transport , Parliament and the Council .
As colleagues have already done , I would like to thank you , Commissioner de Palacio , for your active contribution .
I would also like to thank you for the fact that you have made a positive contribution to the creation of an EU &apos; s third network network of short sea shipping , as a major initiative of the Secretary @-@ General for Regional Policy .
Even before the wreck , and in particular , the Union had comprehensive legislation governing the safety of ships and the prevention of pollution by ships .
There is probably no doubt that it would probably never have been on the Erika accident if all the time has come to comply with existing rules and observed compliance with it .
The Commission &apos; s proposal to replace the current committees in maritime transport is also welcome .
At the same time , it will be more clear than ever the responsibility of the Commission to arrange for the @-@ @-@ @-@ established committee .
The new committee must also monitor the implementation of legislation and increase the needs of the Union in the IMO and other international organisations .
With regard to the amendment of the regulation , the Commission accepts the right to the right balance in the right direction if an international change of the rules is detrimental to European security and maritime transport .
I support the Commission proposal in relation to the proposed procedure .
However , as the rapporteur has stated in his report , it is particularly important , as the rapporteur said in his report , to take sufficient rights in the regulatory procedure .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , on his excellent work and the efficiency and effectiveness of this process .
I would also like to express my thanks to all the speakers and especially Mrs Grossetête , who explained the position of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , for their contributions and support .
Ladies and gentlemen , I will pass on your congratulations to the Commission throughout this year of maritime transport , which I will send to the services of the TREN Directorate @-@ General for Energy and Transport which , without a very impressive effort , have been trying to meet the growing demands of the citizens .
They have already made these demands previously , but the Erika disaster has carried out a sort of mirror .
As quite rightly pointed out quite rightly , this proposal , on the one hand , is intended to replace the relevant committees with the safety of maritime safety , i.e. a attempt to simplify , clarify and consistency .
They are all to be replaced by a single committee and , on the other hand , the updating of Community legislation on sea transport is intended to facilitate the development of the international Convention .
I would like to reiterate my appreciation for your work and your proposals , specifically for the amendments which remind the European Parliament that the European Parliament has a crucial role to play in the framework of the project .
The Commission will have all these amendments , which have been subject to the subject of the Convention between the institutions , in its form of uniform formulations on comitology and in documents .
We would also like to thank Parliament for the fact that the only committee , which is proposing , is not only concerned with safety safety , but also to prevent pollution from ships , which must be reflected in the committee .
However , we can do so - although we are prepared to include the prevention of pollution by ships in the name of the marine environment .
This is simply because of the pollution of the marine environment , which , for example , can lead to pollution of pollution , such as the pollution of rivers in the marine environment , which may cause pollution and , secondly , other actions to be found in the marine environment , the coastlines which are experiencing pollution and which cannot be associated with the problem of maritime safety .
This is why we cannot accept this general definition , which would mean a different type of responsibilities which will not be addressed by the committee ; what we can , of course , include , is the specific addition to the prevention of pollution by ships &apos; .
We accept Amendments Nos 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 and 10 in total .
Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 7 and 11 need to be made simple .
It is not acceptable for us to accept Amendments Nos 5 and 12 because of this particular aspect of the protection of the marine environment in connection with other problems than safety in maritime transport .
To conclude , Mr President , I would like to say that , as Mrs Grossetête has pointed out , we should not slacken in our vigilance .
We must take the whole of the sea on sea transport , which , as I have emphasised other times , is on the basis of the number of vessels or the quantity of waste generated by ships or the components of these freight @-@ generated goods .
For example , Mr Fitzsimons referred to the problem of the transport of fish cultivated , and , of course , we have included in the discussion of the Erika II package .
Specifically , in the directive on the Protection directive , the need to take account of the need for monitoring procedures , i.e. the ingredients of radioactive materials , must be respected .
We also see - and I would like to respond to Mrs Langenhagen and Mr Hatzidakis , that when there is a global sector , this is the world of maritime transport .
This has also been the case for aviation , but maritime transport has a greater tradition .
We must therefore make sure that the International Criminal Court requires the utmost support .
In this respect , the countries of the Union act as an author of the International Criminal Court as the driving force , as a driving force for the transfer of migration and safety processes and the guarantee of the marine environment and the guarantees to protect life and guarantee safety of flight crews .
Mr Bautista Ojeda , I would like to reply to Mr Bautista Ojeda that the Agency for Safety and Safety has different competences .
The task of the latter is strictly based on Community legislation on maritime transport and is limited to the Commission &apos; s proposals to update directives and regulations .
Consequently , the management of a legislative function has been a legislative function , while the Agency itself has no legislative function and does not interfere with legislation , although we may have proposals .
It is a body of technical assistance for the Member States and the Commission . It is an advisory body for the implementation of Community legislation , as a component of the dissemination of information and , therefore , transparency for the whole sector .
But it has not been a legislative function .
So there are two different arenas .
I believe that the inclusion of the ports in the trans @-@ European networks , as some of you have said in another speech , is a crucial element in promoting integration and integration of all kinds of transport systems in the intermodal system .
I should like to finish by thanking you for your contributions and for your work .
A few moments ago , Mrs Langenhagen said that the people who have a great deal of work in port will make a great deal of work .
I now believe that you will be extremely hard to work in the last few days and , of course , the Commission &apos; s responsible services .
Interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail systems
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Council &apos; s common position on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system ( C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 - 1999 / 0252 ( COD ) ( C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 ) , Mr Savary .
Mr President , I thank you for the second reading of a report which is of great importance to the future of the railways in Europe and for the implementation of a Europe of railways .
The Commissioner &apos; s office of the Commissioner for the past few months will undoubtedly prove to be crucial for the future of European railway transport .
Once again , the conciliation procedure on the Swoboda / tobacco reports has now been opened up , and the liberalisation of the networks , as we would like to see .
It is now still necessary to overcome the lack of technical coherence in various areas , and this is not quite easy , and this is not quite easy , but the networks are , of course , a major national characteristics and in the situation .
The real aim of this draft directive is to guarantee technical and technological interoperability with the fifteen different European networks .
The situation is very complex .
There are fifteen 15 to six separate tensions , five to six separate tensions , various equipment , gauges , procedures , different kinds of information systems , separate public information systems .
And while opening up the traffic in road transport has been easy , because existing gaps have been overcome in the railways .
In 1996 , a first directive has been adopted which has been used to implement a new network , namely the long @-@ term network , and this illustrates how to proceed as a result today .
In this respect , therefore , it was decided that the railway companies , the operator responsible and industry services will be able to devise a technical specifications for the interoperability of the railway sector .
For each of these reasons , there is a specification for each of them , for the benefit of the individual components .
We have an enormous amount of work and we have chosen to see a high @-@ speed system of high @-@ speed work .
Since the work is so long , it is important to take a direct step forward where this is possible without difficulties and a favourable cost @-@ benefit ratio .
The method is based on the following approach : identify the various measures relating to the interoperability of the various measures and assessment of costs and benefits to decide whether or not it should be implemented at a later date .
More important progress must , of course , be achieved in the case of information , procedures , procedures and procedures for cross @-@ border transport , in the context of a convergence process , in the context of a convergence process , as well as the problems relating to distribution , storage and material equipment .
I believe , ladies and gentlemen , that I would like to thank all the Members who have worked on this report , because we have done a considerable job in the first reading .
46 amendments have been tabled and Parliament voted on it .
I would like to express my praise to the Council and the Council of Presidents of 46 amendments , and I would like to express my praise to the Council and the Commission for 33 . It can be said that this is a very extensive legislative process which will enable us to conclude the vote or to conclude the vote .
The Council and the Commission have indeed approved many amendments in order to make it clear to the vote with the users and staff , the involvement of the applicant countries at the beginning of the work and to make clear corrections to the derogation , as some countries can fully correct derogations .
The Council has also made an extremely important contribution to the safety and access of persons to the future economy .
I personally welcome the fact that we have so quickly been able to arrange so quickly a promising document , which is the Europe of the railways today .
There are still two crucial questions to answer , Commissioner : the question of tariffs , which is of course the case , and the question of financing the infrastructure , for example , is the question of financing infrastructure , for example , intermodal platforms , which are necessary so that we can actually achieve rapid progress in this area .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , at the mini @-@ session before two weeks ago we voted on the so @-@ called railway package and we agreed that this is a great success for Parliament and the European Community .
Tomorrow , at second reading , we will vote on the Savary report on the interoperability of rail transport in Europe .
The harmonisation of technical standards is the necessary and important prerequisite to facilitate the safe cross @-@ border rail network .
At first reading , all parties have done a great deal of work and dedication to this very technical Commission proposal , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Savary .
The lessons have been learned from the Council , until a few exceptions to Parliament &apos; s amendments .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party has been able to reiterate its positions in a large proportion of the amendments made by the Council , and this is why we have no further amendments at second reading .
I had an amendment tabled by Parliament at first reading , but it was not adopted by the Council in committee .
In order to accept the adoption of three votes .
What we have asked was to establish that authorisations and processing contracts are carried out for an independent external investigation .
In the context of this motion , this motion is , in addition to the complexity of the economic interests in some Member States , a large number of serious events which may be due to an adequate consideration .
These authorisations and tests are , and will , in some part , be carried out by the temporary ones themselves .
In the committee , all parties , including the Commission , are extremely sympathetic to this point .
The wordings which are now elected in Articles 18 and Annex 13 , which are now elected , cannot be considered at present .
The Commission &apos;s assurance that the Commission &apos; s commitment to the independent and unconditional authorisation and maintenance of water should be respected , deserves a clear compromise on the way in which the outcome of a satisfactory compromise is now before us .
However , we will be very vigilant in future when the Commission thinks that the Commission is complying with the promises made .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his report .
I would , of course , like to congratulate Mr Savary on his very good work , which is so good that we can already conclude it , not even the exciting conciliation procedure which I have already achieved .
However , I am very pleased about this , and it has already been pointed out that we have recently adopted the railway package , and that also Mr Jarzembowski and myself have done a great deal to do together with a previous package , which has also contributed greatly to the Commissioner .
Not only do we have a compromise but rather a good package !
Secondly , the question is : can we stop ourselves ?
Are things in the field of railways ?
Mr Savary has already pointed out that there is still a few open open .
The Commissioner has already announced some areas of the opening up of traffic in goods and passenger transport , and the work has already been made , and I think that this is very important and I think that this is very important .
The big problem is competition between rail and road .
What we have now made and tomorrow will mean that we will make the railways more competitive .
All those who are always talking about competition must be said : competition means that the competition conditions , which are equal , are equal , and that is certainly not true for rail and road .
If we talk of the Swedish Presidency on sustainable development and the environment , if we talk about a proposal on the part of the European Union , this energy dependency must be reduced to an energy dependency on energy production , especially the rail sector .
I am not aware of the fact that the railways need to give priority , because it would mean a great deal if we are going to take the road to the same competitive rate as road .
However , these issues are crucial in relation to enlargement .
If we see how different the countries of the European Union are in the process of rail , the infrastructure is , of course , a good thing , and we must do everything possible to overcome these problems not only at European Union level but also at the level of candidate countries .
Because the best and most efficient railway systems in the Western part of this continent are concerned , if we do not want to grow better in eastern and South @-@ Eastern Europe , the European Union must make a great contribution to this .
Mr President , Mrs de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate Mr Savary on his splendid work , which he has done in this important , but difficult issue .
Mr President , this report on the liberalisation of railways , together with the reports adopted in this week , is a breakthrough in the development of European railway systems .
It was launched during the Finnish presidential term and France has continued to continue .
Improving the competitiveness of railways is vital so that congestion can be reduced to motorways and airports .
The development of rail transport is also a step in the direction of transport of transport .
Improving the interoperability of the railway system is a necessary precondition for the successful implementation of the railways .
For too long it was too long for too long , but Mr Savary has been able to resolve this difficult issue .
There is a great deal to be done , but the beginning is now .
Our Group supports Mr Savary &apos; s proposal , to adopt the Council &apos; s common position in this form .
Parliament has taken account of the most important amendments in Parliament and this will enable us to move forward quickly .
At the same time , we must not forget that the interoperability of the railway networks is a key factor .
It is therefore important to draw up a timetable for the implementation of a timetable and to establish the networks which really have a priority .
I would also like to thank Mr Savary for having recognised the special needs of Finland .
The compromise reached on the use of Russian wagons in traffic between Finland and Russia jeopardises the objectives laid down in the report , but it does not guarantee the further transport of transport in the country of the Union .
I believe that the importance of this solution will be visible to the whole of the Union if we start to use the major natural resources in the north @-@ west of Russia .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Savary , I think we should do this without debate , but a debate is very good , but a debate is very good in this respect .
It has been a multidisciplinary dialogue .
You are calling for a good dialogue with the two sides of industry , with the management of labour , but you have also acted as exemplary by all of you , with the result that a product is available to us .
In fact , we are talking about a situation in which we are talking about such a reprehensible flood .
There was one aspect of liberalisation , the opening up of international traffic , which we talked about last time .
The interoperability of two forms of interoperability is interoperability , that is to say that transport between countries is possible .
There are three .
I have just spoken briefly for this last time .
As far as part of the Commission is concerned , and this is not only due to the Ténardiers in this Commission , and we have already heard Commissioner Wallström in the near future - we believe that emission standards and also electricity consumption are needed in the near future .
As everyone knows , standards for lorries have been tightened up , and that means that relative advantage is small to rail transport , and that means that this form of form must work more preferable than other to include these emission standards as others .
I would like to briefly mention a few other points which are a small one .
We now have to ensure that there is a huge need for huge investment in this area .
Subsidies for investments , they have already been mentioned in Recital 9 , which will fall to the detriment of the state as well as at the expense of the industry .
The State , and then we are at the same time talking about a further package of external costs .
We still need to provide a certain form of support for this industry to keep this industry on the one hand , but it will be supported by support .
This may seem worth GRD 330 , but we have to keep this very closely in our debates on the White Paper .
The second question which I would like to ask is whether the Commission is consulting the two sides of industry and studying studies on the implementation of this interoperability , particularly the qualifications required in the railway sector .
I am not aware of the extent to which this investigation has now been published , and what it has provided for the future .
There must be a certain language .
What are we talking about ?
In English and in international mediation or aviation ?
Or is it also being used for rail transport ?
If that is the case , I propose now and here I now propose that we be able to speak in Parliament again .
This simplifies the whole communication .
Mr President , in the run @-@ up to the parliamentary debate on 16 May last year , Mr Savary pointed out that modernisation , expansion of the penal system and the internationalisation of the railways is not being discussed at the end of the last century .
This trend was seen by a cosmopolitan State which itself makes it through liberalisation and privatisation .
The rapporteur has made it clear that there needs to be no halt to the existence of an electoral system for areas which are separate from the rest of Europe .
Much of what we decided at the time was now taken up by the Council .
I congratulate the rapporteur on this result .
In contrast to the proposals made by Mr Jarzembowski , my group is in favour of the outcome .
I shall not now take account of the technical details of the proposal , and I would ask you to pay attention to constant problems .
We always have to look into a situation where the coherence of the European railway system is being jeopardised .
In the nineteenth century , according to the various telecom systems and drivers , the railways could work as a European whole .
It is not only the individual States who have been responsible for this at the time , but also to cross @-@ border railway undertakings .
In the European Union , the Pyrenees still form part of national national systems .
In the 20th century it was the electrification and the free trade arrangements that are re @-@ emerging once again .
While the border has been able to occur again , the border has had to take place because of other voltage .
The threats of the twenty @-@ first century are in a combination of technical development and competition .
As a result , it was as early as possible to travel back to the rail network once again in Germany .
In the Netherlands , there are still such a link in the case of the Treaty of Amsterdam , although there is no longer any prospect of establishing it on whistle @-@ blowers and in Berlin .
This is an interesting technology in many ways , in the short term , and , in short , it means one of the other Internet systems .
The interests of individual companies who want to market their latest use should not be the determining factor in this area .
Despite the truth of Europe &apos; s integration , the railways are still making progress .
International Accounting Standards are continually shorter .
It is often necessary to buy it from the country of departure too frequently .
Not so long ago , we were able to go through a halt from Cologne to Cologne , from Paris to Lisbon or from Amsterdam to Copenhagen .
This is now impossible .
four months ago , the early days of Stockholm was to be phased out in Stockholm .
In addition , technical measures in this report are urgently needed to end the fragmentation of rail transport .
Similarly , it is unacceptable to say that trains are passengers on the flight and freight traffic transport for large distances .
Mr President , there is a growing need for a global market in which there is ever more than ever a problem at stake .
In the case of the fact that the 15 Member States of the European Union are four different types of competition and 15 different legal systems .
In ten years &apos; time , the Union may perhaps have 25 or 27 Member States , and even greater differences in the systems will probably become more .
It is not easy to eliminate this problem simply by using new solutions .
With regard to the opening of the longest @-@ maintained combined relationship between Sweden and Denmark , the opening of the river between Sweden and Denmark last summer should be found that the problem of the rubbish interoperability of rail systems has been solved .
The opposite is true , in Denmark , and Denmark has a completely different state of affairs .
Unfortunately , this has been added to the fact that the Swedish railways are left to the same problem .
There are various reasons for the serious differences of differences between the European countries in this area and all they are .
The reason for this is that the individual countries have gone into a different period of time . A different improvement has been achieved . It should never be possible for the various countries to travel to the foreign level .
In today &apos; s Europe , where we are talking about the four fundamental freedoms and where the free movement of goods , services , services and capital across borders will become a barrier .
It is therefore essential to use all sorts of barriers to eliminate all sorts of barriers .
We must strive for harmonisation and in different areas such as it is so good that &quot; eco @-@ labelling &quot; will be &quot; rationalised &quot; .
The Commission &apos; s initiative to gradual harmonisation of rail systems is therefore vital .
One is , of course , a first measure on the trans @-@ European rail systems .
It is important that we keep our work on two occasions in our work .
First of all , this work is not going to be dealt with by this morning , but it will cause high costs , not least if we are also going to see the trans @-@ European networks on the other hand .
In addition , there is a need for this to be done in conjunction with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe in the long term .
Secondly , at least in short @-@ term solutions can be possible without all the countries involved via the same system .
These are all trains which are already travelling across Europe over borders , thanks to the possibility of new technology .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is an excellent example of how Parliament can manage to make such a major topic as the interoperability of the railway system in the European Union , and to avoid the Conciliation Committee and to avoid a third reading .
I would therefore like to congratulate Mr Gilles Savary on his task , his expertise and to congratulate her on the fact that the European Parliament &apos; s intervention has been so important to ensure that the position of the users of users or the enlargement of the enlargement process is to be strengthened .
This is a lesson to those who want to reduce the intervention of our Parliament in favour of a rapid decision @-@ making process .
This directive , which is supplemented by those which we adopted at the last corner in Brussels in the last fortnight in Brussels in the last fortnight in Brussels , will hopefully do not lie in the best intentions and the rail sector as a whole .
For a country like Portugal , which is in the last round of Europe , the interoperability of rail transport is essential .
Anyone who is at the end of the day or at the beginning of a railway is dependent on intense cross @-@ border traffic transport by the other countries .
Coordination of ports in the railway network is a crucial step towards improving the flow of transport , the cost of transport , and a functional direction of European railway undertakings .
Mr President , Mrs de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , although I am particularly pleased with transport , I welcome the fact that we have achieved a good result , especially the outcome of Mr Savary &apos; s hard work .
There is no doubt that the competitiveness of the railway industry must be improved , something which plays an important role in the volume of Europe .
Europe needs a long @-@ term railway policy which is based on a common goal .
The railways need to be honest , usefulness and cost @-@ orientated .
Both industry and environmental organisations can reach agreement .
This miracle is still possible .
In particular , improving the competitiveness of railways must be carried out in particular by reducing the cost of rail transport and increase .
Unfortunately , the taxpayers &apos; railways cost far too much money , irrespective of whether or not they use the train .
It is time for the poor world to make the state of the State on the path to a new efficient and medium @-@ sized business .
Business companies are also still far removed , it is the case that it is the case with regard to the environmental situation .
In other words , passenger transport is a totally different area of its own and most important economic product .
The draft directive on the draft directive as a whole makes sense .
The harmonisation of technical standards will lead to improving the competitiveness of railways without having a negative impact on the position of others .
The definition of priorities based on a cost @-@ benefit analysis is also an important factor in ensuring that the initial measures are not matched by the initial measures to be implemented first .
If this directive is no longer an example of how cooperation can be added at EU level .
In this connection , I would like to remind you of an important aspect of Finland .
Finland has a common border with Russia over a thousand kilometres .
Nearly 40 per cent of the freight market is wound up through Russia .
Since Finland and Russia have a common defence , there have been a number of Russian currencies , including the other EU countries , free of charge in Finland .
Finland has been accused of being accused of being accused of fear .
However , the use of Russian wagons in traffic between our countries depends on the fact that , when we send our wagons the border , it is often the case that the last time we see it .
For practical reasons , we need to use Russian wagons in the future .
The rapporteur has also done his best to draw your attention to the matter and I would like to thank him for that .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have made huge progress since the invention of the flood of water marked since the invention of Dolly .
However , we are still a long way off from our work .
As I am not in a position to say , I am speaking on the subject of the 45 seconds I have just given .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I can only say that I can only underline this , but I am happy to say that .
So I congratulate my colleague , Gilles Savary , for his report and for the fact that he has caused the directive on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system .
This was urgently needed because interoperability is a prerequisite and basis for liberalisation in international freight transport , which we have brought together with the rail package .
The difficulties in conventional rail transport , unlike the high @-@ speed rail systems , are that we in Europe have a wide range of national systems which have an enormous impact on new transport and change , and , of course , competitive competition and , of course , competitive competition with the other transport modes .
However , the pressure on the part of the railways is also necessary .
This directive should therefore be implemented quickly .
This is also good to create a single market for the environment .
I hope that the relevant bodies and procedures for drawing up technical specifications are moving quickly enough and concentrate on the fast track , i.e. protection , protection and defence systems .
In addition to the technical specifications , the rapporteur and Parliament have also tabled social provisions in the directive , which include strategic consideration of the candidate countries in drawing up TSIs .
That is a good thing .
Whilst I would like to vote on the security aspects , I would like to vote in favour of the subject of the social security systems , as long as we have seen monopoly situations in some countries and , of course , in some countries .
As far as I am concerned , the reference to subsidiarity is in this context , in the context of security policy .
I would like to commend Mrs Jeggle on this issue and I hope that this is the case .
Mr President , I should first of all like to point out that the Commission has taken note of the fact that the European Parliament has given this report and this initiative .
In concrete terms , the European Parliament gave the common position adopted on 10 November last November , and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism was holding a first draft report on 4 December .
I should like to continue by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Savary , and the whole committee , but particularly Mr Savary , and especially Mr Savary .
It has been possible to move forward with its negotiating skills and work on this whole matter , which is quite complicated .
Finally , the entire railway package , which we have given to the beginning of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 , has given the green light to a clear French colour , without a few Finnish spots , because the Finnish Presidency played an important role .
This directive is a major technical issue , which is a key element in the implementation of practical implementation and implementation , which I referred to during the Development Assembly , namely the opening up of international freight transport .
What we do with this last measure of interoperability is the construction of a European railway .
It is a fact that it is much more likely to open up to a sector or to change some specific technical conditions .
It is really a crucial fact of the very short history of European construction , it is the construction of a European railway .
As you know , the European Parliament has just reached an agreement with the Council on this whole package with the Council as a provisional deadline for the complete opening of the market in the year 2008 .
Both Mr Swoboda and Mr Jarzembowski , rapporteurs in this package have played a crucial role .
I think that these measures should not be effective if we do not at the same time improve the way in which Mr Savary referred , namely that we can overcome the technical precaution .
This is precisely this measure .
Some major user users and some operators who have access to transport are going to make use of the Commission &apos; s services , in recent technical or sectoral obstacles , to a large number of technical or secondary obstacles which will hamper the organisation of international freight transport .
In this context , this directive is still more important and will allow the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail systems to overcome some of these barriers , so as to avoid some national markets .
In this respect , I would like once again to congratulate you on the success of this directive at second reading .
It means guaranteeing a European dimension to the creation of an competitive market in order to create a competitive market for the benefit of transport and to overcome the technical obstacles caused by the sector , often the result of the technical obstacles which are often the result of agreements with their local supply chains .
The Commission will devote its success and soul up the way in which the ability of all parties involved , railway companies , railway companies and industry , to mobilise their experience in creative terms and to mobilise economic technical solutions and to avoid creating economic technical solutions and to avoid making solutions which unfortunately occur in some cases .
Mr Bouwman asked me some questions which I would like to answer him .
Specifically , the consultations on the opinions of different users and the various elements are being evaluated , providers from infrastructure companies , companies , etc , and also to collect users , users and other workers , before adopting technical specifications on interoperability .
This is one of the aspects I want to make .
With regard to the economic impact of interoperability , whether or not , in the future , there is a need for a single system , a question which has also been raised by Mr Vatanen , I must say that a cost @-@ benefit analysis must be carried out for a harmonised technical specification on the grounds of harmonised economic specification for the explanatory statement .
We therefore see , as I have said , a rapprochement with two stages .
A number of actions apply quickly , as the rapporteur , Mr Savary , has pointed out , for example , for measures to be taken , for example , for the driving force of the driver , where the driving force of the driver should be a European film , issues relating to national borders and national comparable issues .
However , there are other issues which are more complicated than the harmonisation of the tunnel , such as harmonisation of the size of tunnel tunnel .
This will take longer .
With regard to the points raised by Mr Swoboda , I would like to draw your attention to the points raised by Mr Swoboda , with regard to the safety of the transport markets , the question of opening up the markets in freight traffic and passenger transport .
Of course , the rail sector is a key factor in the railway sector , because the rail sector in the new countries is crucial to its development and for the possibility of balanced growth .
Thank you very much , Mr Savary , and for the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Fisheries in the Irish Sea
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation on the implementation of the Irish Sea ( ICES ) for the year 2001 ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 ( 2000 / 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 ( CNS ( CNS ) ) .
Mr President , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the rapporteur is not present .
I would then like to read a text briefly .
I am not referring to this , but I am the coordinator of the PPE .
I think that this text - which is a text of my group - is at least a procedural motion for a resolution .
It is very short .
I would then suggest that we proceed as far as the present debate is concerned .
As you are all in agreement , I would like to read the English version read the English text which I understand the error rate on the subject of the telecommunications sector .
The PPE @-@ DE Group , Baroness Nicholson , is asking for the Commission to release the Commission &apos; s veterinary programme on the stock exchange programme on air transport .
Every week , eight @-@ year olds die for all over @-@ over @-@ old Nicholson .
For example , for example , it would be preferable for them to be able to be able to be able to be able to hold out @-@ based insurance @-@ related contracts on a permanent basis @-@ by @-@ door basis for veterinary @-@ friendly contracts and for anti @-@ labelling contracts in port .
Mr President , I regret that Mr Nicholson cannot be present .
Having read this text , I would like to make my own comments .
Mr President , Commissioner , today we are debating the report by the rapporteur , Mrs Nicholson , whom I would like to thank for his rapid and precise work .
He working working time .
However , we did not go arbitrarily from the Council &apos; s urgency and are very pleased that we should pay more attention to this issue today .
The cod and its state of affairs has been held in the negotiations on TACs and quotas , and unfortunately our continuing efforts have been overcome .
We politicians must think of this , as well as all the players .
The prices for cod and other fish will increase , at the same time , but the fishermen are going to have problems , but the fishermen will have problems to feed their families and feed their families in the long term .
A more important and historic economic economy of our coastal regions will be more and more dangerous .
The lawyers who have been told not only for this limited area , which are based on the report , are extended to large parts of the North Sea .
The resources are drastically reduced in all areas .
It is positive to note that the Commission , under your leadership , Commissioner , has responded quickly and forcefully without waiting for regulations or regulations .
It is now our job to monitor these measures and to monitor the lessons of the future .
This set of responsibility must , of course , also include the Member States in particular .
But again : why had it had to happen so far ?
Will we always do away with such trickery ?
At long last , when do we achieve real sustainability in our fisheries policy ?
The omens are not only since yesterday in the Irish Sea and not just in the Irish Sea .
It is in the interests of consumers , fishermen and fish stocks , that is to say the time !
In spite of all the efforts made by the Commission , do we have sufficient opportunity to make proposals on the part of the Commission on the basis of its own proposals , even though they are concerned ?
At all levels , do we go far enough in order to allow for latest scientific results in time to be incorporated into our policy ?
If we are not at last turning a close environmental policy , we will probably be killing the next crisis .
In alone , alone , the newly awoken situation is deeply concerned .
It is high time we act and not just react .
When can we learn this ?
How many sectors of industry have to be guided by our own labour market , and I just remember the fact that we have the case ?
We need to take more than ever , and that is more generally what we are doing , more than anything else , a dynamic development and the watchwords of the wind , but not words , but deeds .
This proposal is in the right direction .
I welcome , above all , the flexible procedures relating to the setting up of the railway sector and the focused approach to the derogations .
This approach shows that , due to the interests of fishermen , the interests of fishermen will not be allowed to impose a non @-@ discriminatory ban , but on the basis of other fisheries , but under the monitoring process .
At the same time , however , I would like to stress that this is only a step in the right direction .
In other waters the problems are similar , if they were not so clear as to now , if it is not so clear that the Irish Sea should be a foolish sign .
I have a great deal to do .
I urge the Council and the Commission to develop further measures within the framework of the fisheries policy , so that our actions really have a future .
Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur , in his absence and Mrs Langenhagen for her comments .
Mrs Langenhagen saw a loss of the limit of cod in the Irish Sea .
The Irish Sea is , as Mrs Langenhagen said , for us all an example of how an attack can be held on the kind of ship @-@ based management .
The amount of eight @-@ year cod has been halved in the only six years .
Do not happen in 1993 and 11 000 tonnes in 1993 were only EUR 1 500 tonnes .
If the withdrawal of cod in the Irish Sea could also be possible in the Irish Sea , the regulation for 2001 is necessary , even though it was unusual .
It is also exemplary for other regions .
There is a similar situation in the North Sea .
It has been so extraordinary that the total allowable catch has gone rid of the total allowable catch and has been introduced for cod .
Since the beginning of the year , there has been a great deal of protection for the North Sea .
A further consequence of the deadline for the next few months is that there is cause for concern in the other regions , which was not a ban .
For example , the fishermen &apos; s fishermen are responsible for the fact that the price of the North Sea , partly in the Irish Sea , will have an adverse impact on cod stocks before the Southern hemisphere and southern Lebanon .
In these waters , people fear that these safeguards are detrimental to the damage and undermining their own stocks .
These fears are compounded by the fact that last week &apos; s last week , in excess of opening up the traffic in traffic , a strong increase in the length of space , which , otherwise , would be used to include the fishing of the banned species .
We need to consider the negative consequences of the other negative effects on the other .
It is a ironic that we have a risk of protecting the Union &apos; s fishing fleet in a region in a different region .
Finally , the reform of the common fisheries policy and the adoption of the Green Paper in March for the conservation and the fisheries sector is essential .
We must find the right balance between sustainability and a successful industry .
In my opinion , the reform of the common fisheries policy is a chance .
We must make sure that we adopt proper reforms .
I thank the rapporteur , although he is not present .
Mr President , in his report on fishing in the Irish Sea , Mr Nicholson , in his report on fishing in the Irish Sea , Mr Nicholson has been given the honour to play a role in the conservation of emergency operations .
Such measures will also take place in the North Sea in the North Sea , and it is aimed at ensuring the best possible level of protection at the end of April .
Why , after so many years of common fisheries policy , must we take the key responsibility of the management of the Irish Sea and the North Sea to emergency measures ?
We need to accept the need for these short @-@ term measures , but we should learn from past experience and reasonable long @-@ term proposals for management of the fisheries industry in order to cope with such situations .
As for the technical measures that have been introduced , such as Scotland for the first time in regions such as Scotland , they must be increased and extended to all environmental measures .
Action must be taken in order to prevent it from being possible to prevent a downward spiral from being transferred to other regions and stocks .
The effects of environmental data must be investigated properly , both of the data taken by thermal % and their impact on the whole food chain in the sea .
We will be waiting for a clear fall in fisheries activities over the next few years , and this means that there is a considerable amount of families and communities in our vicinity , both in fishing and oil processing - a considerable amount of support for income or revenue .
As regards the economic and social consequences of the new Convention with Morocco , the new Convention with Morocco will also have an impact on emergency measures in the long @-@ term period of growth in the long @-@ term period of water .
This gives rise to similar financial value for these regions .
The revision of the CFP is a challenge , but also a chance .
I hope that the solution we have proposed will indeed work .
This means that all those affected - fishermen , processors and shortcomings from certain regions such as the North Sea - are fully and reasonable in the new fisheries policy , so that we can draw up proposals for the management of the environment , which are based on the needs of these regions .
Mr President , the railways are biggest from sea .
People cannot live there , but we are increasingly working on the sea .
Not only for the other continent , but also to create oil and fuel products , to generate rubbish and flood products .
mercury , lead and radioactive waste is responsible for wildlife and the fish for human consumption .
Large @-@ scale coastal waters , low @-@ value and other stars between the river and marine water , where the fish were hit by the fish , have changed considerably by means of public intervention .
For a long time , the sea was regarded as a source of rain .
By increasing large fishing vessels and an ever @-@ regulated technique the sea will have to pay all its resources .
This is happening in Europe &apos; s seas in the midst of seas , but increasingly at European level , with European ships .
I have already referred to the Treaties which the European Union has signed with countries in the third world to fish in the third world .
In the short term , it is a solution to the European food requirements and we are paying for poor countries in the long term , but it does not mean that there is no benefits of benefits and benefits .
The need for fish continues to rise , while stocks by fishing and pollution are diminish .
Some fishermen still believe that the sea comprises the sea .
Last week I heard a third remark in an interview in an interview that the fish would always have , and that is the case in the Bible .
Such ideas , which may have been quite appropriate in the future , may be increasingly calculated in future .
It is therefore to be welcomed that times and areas are being questioned , where the river should be reduced , that is to say when , when and where there is no longer being fished .
On the same grounds , fishing rules must be limited .
The rapporteur is aware that the cod recovery of cod and Northern Ireland has fallen drastically over the past ten years .
The great deal of that has been done , even one fifth of those at the beginning of the 1990s .
The real catches which are lower than the maximum permitted is a quarter .
So there are few resources in the sea .
However , the rapporteur wishes to extend the rules on quotas which are less limited to the quota quotas in six weeks &apos; time , and it condemns the enormous extension of the fishing sector in fishing in the fisheries sector .
The fishermen , if they feel the impression they are given to the impression that , while their colleagues from other countries continue to fish , they can continue to fish empty .
In that case , pressure will be made , taking part in part and to permit more exemptions .
It is therefore threatened to reduce the need to reduce quotas .
Because of short sea shipping , any restriction imposed on the short sea is reported and attacked .
However , it is better to leave more areas for long time than the fish , because of inadequate measures .
This is the case for the North Sea .
Mr President , the continuity of cod is seriously jeopardised in various European waters .
The Commission rightly proposes measures to eliminate these fish .
However , as the Commission has announced for the North Sea , the measures for the Irish Sea are also being drawn up for the Irish Sea .
The Commission &apos; s action is mainly based on political viability and makes the necessary scientific base .
In the case of the North Sea for the North Sea , it was an initiative which is mainly due to the Dutch fishing fleet .
From a political point of view , the Dutch fleet is doing well , which is what other Member States and fleets appear to do .
This is why the Netherlands and the proposed alternatives are not at stake .
There is a lack of sufficient impact on the distribution of water costs , not in the North Sea and also in the Irish Sea .
After all , fisheries are based on an open range of areas where they are likely to be in the process and in young doses .
If fishing is to be calculated in areas where fishing is being forged in large numbers , then the measure does not hinder the costs of the insurance market .
In addition , the North Sea does not apply the North Sea to the North Sea , according to which animals are being fished , in which animals are being fished , within which animals are being fished , within the Wadden Sea .
Non @-@ funded fisheries in the open areas also suffer the destruction of other fish species and there .
On the other hand , the fact that the Dutch Secretary @-@ General for Fisheries provides a much greater increase in the amount of aid that has been proposed .
This plan , which states , that all on cod @-@ related fleets , whilst a significant number of weeks will be transferred to the year , can rescue cod .
It is just as important to see : this plan is supported by both environmental and fisheries products .
However , the Commission does not consider it to be enforceable politically .
Their impact has led to the fact that the cod process will soon be treated in a European water system , i.e. in fact !
In his report , Mr Nicholson , unfortunately , in his report , he agrees with the most liberal position of the Commission .
It is , of course , a great blow to the fishing industry , but it is even greater when there is no eighteen @-@ year cod .
The Commission must consider how to fulfil the fishermen &apos; s support , the fishermen will undoubtedly be demanding on the basis of the fishermen .
In order to guarantee the future , the Dutch fishermen are prepared to do so and I am convinced that the same willingness will be given the same willingness .
It is not just the Commission .
Mr President , I would first of all like to apologise to you , your predecessor and the House .
I was beginning to see this early morning when my plane was cancelled to London .
Thank you , British International and the good work of their staff , I am now going to be voting on , rather late , but I am now here today .
It was not my intention to go to the House , and I apologise .
I have heard a great deal of interest to Mr van Velzen who has taken up the Commission &apos; s veterinary approach and how well it has responded to the Dutch fishermen .
Mr van Dam should read my report because I did not condemn the Commission or the fishermen .
This problem is not easy to solve , but it is very serious .
In my region , the fishermen in my region had just been the same problem .
They are already living in the second year of the sale of the tobacco industry .
Mr van Dam and the Scottish fishermen , who are affected by an environmental basis for the first time , and I should like to say that the fishermen from my own region have not been able to keep the fishermen from my own region , but also extremely positive business .
You have cooperated with the Commission on technical measures and that is very serious .
The perpetrators of its fishing obligations for such a long period of age is not an easy one for all fishermen .
It is more difficult to do so if there is no aid to the industry in this situation .
That is the point which I should like to focus on .
When I come to point out that the Commission should produce specific proposals - whether or not the Commission says , whether or not the national authorities should present their ideas and we will take it into account in a constructive way . &quot;
The problem , however , is that the national authorities will not submit serious proposals to support the fishermen in the region , and not the British authorities .
It makes no difference whether it is a Conservative government or a Labour government .
Neither the others nor others would ever offer real assistance to fishermen .
I have tabled an amendment on my report and I would ask the Commission to take it into consideration .
It is a question of continuing fishermen &apos; s capacity to carry out the fishing capacity , in accordance with the conditions which have already been agreed for the first phase of the closed year .
If discards are to be excessive , discards will be to be excessive .
It is now quite right that the Commission should not approve the amendment .
This is a pity , because the fishermen work excellent with the Commission , and this is an example for the other regions of the European Union .
As Mr Van Dam has already pointed out , there is strong concern about this , and we must ensure the future of the market in order so that the fishermen will have a future .
I hope that the Commission will take the very positive aspect which I tabled with my amendment .
Mr President , the rapporteur &apos; s report makes clear how serious it is to fish stocks in the waters of Great Britain and Ireland .
The fact that the Commission considers it necessary to take action in four different regions to save fish stocks in four different regions in order to save fish stocks .
From today &apos; s sitting on 15 February 2000 , about 15 500 per cent of the North Sea for the next 12 weeks .
In addition , as we have heard - the renovation of Scotland and the Irish Sea , and the Irish Sea , and in the Irish Sea , the total allowable catches and fishing costs , as drawn up last December by the Council last December .
The common fisheries policy has been in the present form for 18 years .
The taxation and quota system has led to the fact that large quantities of food have been thrown into the sea .
Over two million tonnes of fish per annum , 25 % of the total number of fish fell within the EU .
The multi @-@ annual programme of the multi @-@ annual programme has not .
Member States which are trying to comply with these rules will be punished , while other Member States fully ignore the guidance programmes .
The CFP has therefore felt its main objectives .
It has not been able to preserve fish stocks , nor has it been able to guarantee the future of fishermen .
The recent round of cuts and emergency measures will again be squeezed out of the industry .
Because of the measures taken in the Irish Sea last year , the Irish Irish Sea has had to endure a negative drop in the rate of 42 % during the football championship .
Regardless of this devastating crisis and the fact that too many fishermen have to live in the North Sea , this House voted in favour of the abolition of the Golan @-@ free and 12 mile zone to our coasts in January , in order to grant equal access to the North Sea and to the Shetland Box , and in the areas of Shetland Box and in Ireland .
Many fishermen in the UK and in Ireland will look at these decisions as a last lifeline .
65 % of the EU fisheries resources are found in the waters of the United Kingdom , i.e. the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Why should we be judged and allow our fish to be cultivated and our fishermen are living in poverty ?
Last month , Parliament took a totally softer line in the vote on the reports .
This could be a drop in the drop that the weather season and the United Kingdom may seem to be able to withdraw from the common fisheries policy .
Mr President , the question of stocks of different types and actions on their part is always a controversial issue .
The Socialist Group supports the conclusions of our colleague , Mr Nicholson , in his report on the Commission &apos; s proposal on the proposal for the SPA in the Irish Sea .
We are very well aware that over the next few years , over the following years , over the following year and that the distribution of energy is very expensive and that the cost of transport costs is very expensive and a lot of time .
But we also know that , in the case of a long period of time , there is a loss of jobs in the port of the port , a loss of jobs and many problems for the future of this fleet .
I therefore agree with Mr Nicholson that this is a question which requires a great deal of balance and spirit .
The sector often complains - and rightly so - that it ignores the adoption of proposals by the Commission , which is based almost exclusively on scientific opinions in which the experience and life of fishermen are not taken into account .
I would ask the Commission to link the work of scientists into this daily , modern reality of the fishermen , and in the wake of their proposals more to the socio @-@ economic situation of fisheries .
All of this with a great deal of transparency and clarity about the sector , which are the reasons for certain measures .
I do not believe that the common fisheries policy is a failure .
I do not agree with the previous speaker .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Nicholson for his report and for the speed with which he has carried out and worked .
I appreciate how open and honest he has done this .
He has not paid off to the Irish Sea and tell them that the European Commission wants to do something or wrong .
He has just described the problem as he has done here , as he has done , and there is a problem .
Our fellow Member was quoted earlier there earlier .
According to the Bible , there has been a lot of fish in the sea .
Well , I would like to tell you what is written in a more modern document on cod .
I quote the author of his remarkable term of cod , the fish which the world is changing .
According to the fact that , in New York , &quot; e @-@ commerce and navigation &quot; , cod was so well known , it would have been very fruitful and somebody who has travelled to a minimum , one of the most potent and counted people who have travelled to a minimum , one of the most potent countries .
The final conclusion was that humanity is never against this kind of conflict .
We have both seen the opposite of the Bible as well as the rest of the 19th century .
Mr Stevenson is too young in order to remind us of the memory of the oil tanker which I had before the coast of the coast - and I was even active in politics at the time .
The British people - and I say this with a great deal of respect for all the countries of the Union - stars on the inner waters in order to protect their fishermen in order to protect their fishermen .
It is good that in Great Britain &apos; s view in favour of the law of the defence area , the opinion of the European Union has been allowed to reduce their own resources , which I have always respected .
In particular , respect for Mr Zavvos , who is a good representatives of his people , a good representatives of his people , I cannot accept that the common fisheries policy should be failed .
I suspect that British fishermen are wrong because , when considering the figures , the British fishing industry receives their natural share in European fish .
The only one that has been wrong is the Irish fishermen who are denied their natural share and who never buy seas .
In the twenty @-@ first century , the British Government took charge of a war with the war resulting from the death market , which they have had to conclude from the American coastline , leaving them from the American coastline .
It is a old story .
But beware of the fishermen &apos; s fishermen , who are responsible for the European Commission .
It tries to solve a difficult problem .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to make it clear that in the next Strasbourg session , when the Green Paper on the reform of fisheries policy is available , we will have the opportunity to discuss the general aspects of fisheries policy .
This is why I would like to say something here about the immediate report which I have just drawn up .
I do not think it is fair , and I am sure it is not wrong that we are confronted with cod stocks in the Irish Sea which are becoming a historic one .
It is not wrong : if we want to protect the tobacco market , there is only one and we must allow the stocks of the stocks to be calm in peace .
That is why it is very important to close the time when it comes to closing the transition period , even if it is very painful , and even if it is , of course , the case for fishermen .
The time has come to do so , because the beginning is the beginning of this month .
I know that all the parties involved , and I am particularly grateful to the Committee on Fisheries and the rapporteur , has worked very hard for us to achieve this objective in time .
You will vote on the report tomorrow , and then it is still so much time that we can get a decision in the Council and the regulation on 15 February .
The Commission is entirely in agreement with this report and I would like to thank you for the support .
I now turn to the amendment tabled .
Unfortunately , I am sorry to reject this amendment .
Why ?
Last year , in the last half of the 1990s , we were dealing with a series of policemen , in the second half of the imagination .
These strategies clearly demonstrate that the risk of cod is very great and that a great deal of cod is being returned here .
We are prepared , however , by the Commission , in the first half of the neo @-@ proliferation of neo @-@ labelling regulations , under the conditions which Mr Nicholson referred to , namely that there is a specific observation system pursuant to Article 3 , provided that activities are suspended immediately if too much is fished when too much is fished .
We also know that this second condition , which I have mentioned with a certain risk , but with a view to closing this derogation next year , will be perfectly aware of whether this exception can be carried out for the first part of the year 2000 .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Fischler .
They have risen .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( The sitting was closed at 8.30 p.m. )
Madam President , I would like to use the President of the Commission to address it in a serious matter .
In France every year , the French European Movement organisation organised a significant day on 9 May , Europe , which we want this year to make .
Since September , this movement has been helped with you for financial support , without which this day can be organised .
We have , however , received no assurances about the payment of the Commission .
If we do not receive any promises from the end of the week , the French European Union budget should not be awarded to the implementation of the penal code .
In my opinion , this would be extremely damaging to our common position for which we are working .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , I would like to present Mrs Berès &apos;s promise or later on your speech ?
- ( IT ) Mrs Berès , I do not understand the details of the question which you have raised , but I will give you an answer here today .
Thank you very much , Mr President of the Commission .
Vote on the topical and urgent motion
The Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs has adopted the application of the procedure without a report on this issue .
I therefore give the floor to Mr Watson , so that he can explain the position of this committee .
Watson ( ELDR ) , the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
Madam President , the committee which I have the honour to chair is the importance of this proposal and the urgency of its adoption before 25 March 2001 .
However , we would have preferred it if the Council had been informed about this matter and not until the last time we have been waiting for it .
However , in the circumstances , we believe that the vote should not be shelved day and that is why we are proposing a procedure without report , which is why we propose to put forward the vote in this Chamber .
As no one wishes to speak against the motion for a topical and urgent motion .
( Parliament adopted the urgent procedure )
Proposal for a Commission programme for 2001 by its President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council
The next item is the joint debate on the presentation of the Commission for 2001 by its President and the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 ) by Mr van Velzen and others on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , on the follow @-@ up to the European Council in Nice .
I am now giving the floor to the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , it is certainly sensible to bring a general debate on the situation of the Union .
I hope that this debate will also be a step forward in your Parliament on the progress we have enjoyed in the year 2001 .
There are many events and priorities , of course , which I am going to be discussing , but the key issue is that we already have - and I am tempted to say , &quot; At last - that we already have - and I am tempted to say &quot; at long last &quot; .
The Commission has always asked the Commission to be judged on its actions .
That is why it is extremely important for me to conduct the cooperation between the Commission and the European Parliament and the fertile working relations between the Commission and the Member States in the Council on concrete and tangible results .
So let us use this most important debate in order to open our successes openly and openly about our successes and to discuss them constructively and to discuss the real concerns of the citizens of Europe .
The fact that the President of the Commission is having a detailed overview of the measures taken in every area of policy , but no one in this House will forgive me if I am going to make a little bit from this fuss today and to continue our main priorities for the year 2001 and on our main priorities for the future of Europe .
However , I would like to start by commenting on the last twelve months .
A year ago I informed Parliament that the Commission has four strategic objectives : firstly , new European governance and , secondly , a Europe with a stronger voice in the world ; thirdly , a new economic and social policy agenda and , ultimately , a better quality of life for everyone .
With regard to the implementation of the quality of life in Europe , we have a White Paper on food safety and the draft regulation on requirements and basic principles in the field of competition .
We have also proposed the establishment of a European food authority which can be drafted this year .
We have also proposed the creation of a European Air Safety environment and the Erika disaster new legislation on maritime safety .
With regard to a new economic and social agenda for Europe , we have made detailed , ambitious proposals in the Lisbon European Council .
In this way , the EU has now become a strategy for an overall strategy in order to be able to become the most competitive and dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy .
The key to the stabilisation of our continent is in our strategy for enlargement of the European Union .
In this respect , the Commission has made an effective contribution to the accession negotiations with the candidate countries last year and a public debate on a genuine immigration policy for the EU .
Finally , in order to promote new European governance , we have included the work of our White Paper which will be published next summer .
The Commission has , in principle , fulfilled its most important commitments last year and a simple and simple solutions .
I would like to say today that I am proud of the Commission &apos;s staff to which the year 2000 was linked with radical internal reforms .
I am quite aware of the great demands we have made to our staff , but they have had not only to deal with more technology ; they have also had to adapt to changing working methods and to take responsibility for their actions .
Even if internal reform is not a political end , it is one of the priorities of the Commission for 2001 .
After all , any organisation must adapt .
That is what we are trying to do .
However , as far as possible changes are concerned , there may be no need for a administration to be able to be able to alternate .
I am therefore determined to conclude the internal reform of all our commitments , after consultation and in a climate of transparency , as soon as possible .
The Commission &apos; s political proposals for 2001 are presented in the work programme in the work programme , in the work programme which it presented to Parliament at the end of January .
The core elements of the programme are required .
All of these priorities are not a chance of succeeding .
They are the Commission &apos; s constant approach to the Commission &apos; s approach to ensuring that we take account of the specific needs of the European citizens and take account of their respective concern .
This is also the objective of the debate on the future of the Union , which I will come to here .
But let me begin by explaining the Commission &apos; s most important action for the year 2001 .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in our work on the Lisbon Summit and the preparations for the Stockholm Summit , we constantly pursue a goal for our children , a fair , fair and prosperous Europe , on the basis of a Europe whose citizens have modern jobs and decent skills in the life of their Community .
The Commission has started working in the Lisbon Summit on the Lisbon Summit .
In the next month , the European Council will examine the progress made by the Commission on the progress made by the Commission , and the areas in which we make progress , but also the way in which it came to delays .
One of the most important objectives of our strategy is to restore full employment .
We have already made a number of permanent successes : Last year &apos; s worth of 70 million jobs , which have been distributed over two thirds of women .
This is a very significant figure , but the problem of unemployment needs to be resolved by a few years ago .
However , as we in the report for the Stockholm report , we have made a strong effort to make progress in some areas .
The European leaders need more political determination , and they need to be aware of the urgent need for Lisbon , for example in terms of Community patent , the programme and the liberalisation of energy and the gas market : these programmes are vital for our future .
We also have no coherent strategy for lifelong learning .
That is why we need new diplomacy to strengthen our efforts in some key areas .
In our report for Stockholm , we have identified ten of these areas , including a few of them - the leading technology , the integrated financial markets , new skills and mobility on the new European labour markets .
I will ask the Heads of State and Government to take the opportunity to take the opportunity to take the opportunity to take the opportunity to achieve this , with firm determination to achieve the reform of reforms in Lisbon .
To give you a presentation of our report , I would like to highlight three of the recommendations contained in it : firstly , the barriers to the workforce should be removed from entering into the posts .
This requires more efficient tax , more investments in training and lifelong learning and specific measures in order to put the burden on the road .
Measures also need to be taken to ensure the mutual recognition of professional qualifications and the transferability of pension rights between different areas and states .
Secondly , for example , the economic reform process is to be accelerated .
Although the services already present three quarters of our subservience , there is still no complete single market for services .
Thirdly , Europe must be instrumental in innovation if we want to create a European research area .
I do not need to give you any explanation of this .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , we must create a delicate balance between our political actions so that Europe needs resources , our wealth of wealth , our wealth , but also our social partners and our environment for future generations .
In order to achieve this balance , we must develop a strategy for sustainable development .
The Commission is currently working on such a strategy , which will be discussed at the Gothenburg of the Swedish Presidency , the European Council .
We are trying to put forward the more ambitious concept of sustainable development in both ways and understandable terms and in concrete terms , which are based on the production and knowledge of the citizens .
This will therefore be a strategy which involves innovation and increased investment in these areas , and also the possibilities of using the leading edge of technology : a strategy to be established at a level which is better than the cost of environmental damage .
A long @-@ term political plan of this kind requires effective prior consultation .
To bring about this discussion , Madam President , I have proposed that we have a major debate in the European Parliament on these issues .
The Commission &apos; s views will truly provide useful help in drawing up the final strategic proposal for the Gothenburg Summit , with this proposal - and I say this once again because this proposal will be a failure .
In addition , we have the intention to publish a more lively discussion not only within the European institutions but also in general with our citizens .
Our aim is a global , coherent and long @-@ term approach to design European policy .
I want to deal with the Union &apos; s relations with the rest of the world , and we are constantly trying to make more precise signals from our citizens , which we must also be prepared to make decisions in this field if we want to do the good of all .
In the short term , this means that we must also include a new round of WTO negotiations in 2001 .
A new round of round is the best way to strengthen the multilateral system , in which further liberalisation of trade is being complemented by new rules , the requirements of civil society .
In addition , we must also develop in important new areas such as competition and investment , and that the interests of developing countries are more concerned in our assessment .
Developing countries are the key to this new process .
Social policy must not only deal with the interests of employers ; we must ensure that they benefit from the poorest population in the world .
We therefore hope that the Council and Parliament will be voting in favour of our proposal in this month , which will allow the 48 poorest countries of the world to be able to impose all goods and export refunds to the European Union .
We are also prepared to talk about the new American Government and the trade aspects of trade issues .
Of course , President Bush has approached its regional priorities , but I know that he does not underestimate the importance of the multilateral system .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , another important milestone in the future is , of course , the introduction of the euro at the end of this year .
If the euro is at its face at its hands , it will become a real reality in our citizens &apos; lives .
In the next few months , the Commission will work hard together with Swedish and with the Belgian Presidency to conclude our preparations for this extremely important event : an event which will become a long way off the history of the European Union .
However , we need to do this in a huge organisational way as we have not yet demanded .
We do not all welcome the idea of a old and weak currency against a new currency , which is why certain difficulties are at the beginning .
So we must make every effort to make the public aware that the euro will bring us all benefits and a strong , modern economy .
Meanwhile , it is already a European project par excellence and on time .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to close by adding once again the question which has already been mentioned on the future of Europe in Nice .
In spite of its limitations , the Treaty of Nice in spite of its limitations , which we have emphasised together , is the fact that , in itself , there is no further advantage of the fact that , in any case , there is no further obstacles to the enlargement of enlargement .
Its second advantage is to create the &quot; post @-@ Nice process &quot; , with a full debate on the future of the European Union .
In the January , in January of this year , I had explained , in the spirit of the Treaty , that this process will be characterised in a first stage of a &apos; open review &apos; .
This will enable the European Council to take a second stage in December which I described as &apos; enhanced reflection &apos; and , at the end of the day , a brief Intergovernmental Conference .
I am convinced that this would be the right way forward and I have the impression that this is a concept which has now been adopted .
First of all , let me turn to the first phase because it will be involved in 2001 .
In my view , the term &apos; open thinking &apos; in which the citizens of Europe are , in my view , particularly important in terms of its actions and their views clearly demonstrate that Europe is becoming increasingly necessary , but it is becoming increasingly necessary as ever ever .
This requires a debate , in the interests of everyone and all sections of society so as to conclude the major European Union &apos; s major project .
The second reason is the outcome of the Intergovernmental Conference of Nice .
What has been done in Nice was a highly thorough debate on the expectations and for Europe .
There has been long and broad discussion , but never on the issues .
This debate can no longer be postponed .
The third reason is that , and I feel that we are not getting a blind eye on Europe , we will no longer be able to achieve a sense of &apos; constructive &apos; attainable futures &apos; together .
We are now in a new phase , in which we have to face the basic issues .
Since 1981 , the Community , and then the Union , has in a consistent process of adaptation , restructuring , enlargement and harmonisation .
We have been looking for a generation which has been shaken by our institutions and the people of our countries threatened with the principles of our own countries and the public doubts that we have followed up to our choices and in the corresponding direction we have followed .
We have taken historic decisions that can be restored to the unity of our continent .
It would be absurd , and even dangerous , if this unity were to be found to a non @-@ aligned agreement , purely pledges and false ulterior motive .
What is the debate on a debate ?
To be a debate on &apos; the &apos; brave &apos; , that is to say a drop in them .
I have confidence in the people of our citizens and their elected representatives , even because we have a debate on the electoral lists or other issues , such as the lack of adjustment , but rather a debate on the real questions that our citizens are asking for , but rather a debate on the real questions which our citizens are not in a position to do .
The issues raised by our citizens are not the same ; we must recognise that they do not go beyond the debate on the institutions which we have had since Maastricht and which we have , in particular since Nice , since Nice .
The real problem I can see is that , at some time , we have no longer agreed with our Member States about the process of march , and that it has always become a breach of what has been said , and that our differences are not mad .
In my opinion , there is also a lack of discussion over the past couple of years , partly due to the lack of discussion , which is too often regarded as far as natural phenomena .
We must at long last tackle the problem of the problems .
It is , of course , a fact that there is a different view of the European Union &apos; s final objective of the European Union &apos; s final objective .
However , I am concerned with the idea that , at least on the key issue of our project , we can at least deal with the very essence of our project .
This brings us to the heart of the matter - on the fundamental issues which I wish to raise in the public domain .
For example , are we really agreed that we want to build a structure which is determined to act as a global global force , which is not merely an economic force but a political entity ?
Are we all aware of the major challenge that it is to be resolved and that the future of our peoples is to maintain a lot of serious trust , their existence and identity in the world today ?
Another question : what is we prepared to defend , social and economic solidarity ?
Not only in order to avoid economics or the disintegration of the internal market , because we believe that our peoples must be involved in a common project and to help each other .
There is another question : Are we willing to show solidarity with the interests of our internal and our external community ?
And on the other hand : what environment is we going to do with future generations ?
And not least : how can the European citizen be effectively protection of our values of democracy , solidarity and justice ?
I think that these questions have to be raised in the 2001 debate .
These are not institutional issues , but political issues which depend on how we live and work together .
If I have been faced with this major debate and I do not expect you to be elected , I do not expect you and the people who represent a debate without a strong message .
We are talking about the background of the great benefits that Europe has made in the fifty years of the Community and the Union , and we are talking about a Europe which has created peace , peace , prosperity and especially a single currency .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , with all the Members of our national parliaments and with the governments of our Member States , we need to ask these questions and ask answers .
Allow me to make it quite clear that this comprehensive discussion of which the civil society can be involved , gives me no democratic representation .
Members of the European Parliament and the parliaments of the Member States are the legitimate representatives of the people .
This must be taken into account when all these considerations are a sense of water and in concrete terms .
We are then in the second phase , which is devoid of intensive involvement in the European Parliament and national parliaments . Firstly , there has been no more than a relationship between States , but , secondly , there is also a link between countries , and secondly , because , in the clash of the clash , I have no more thought of the spirit and skills which have been made in the clash in the clash of the clash .
Amid this , a forum for all players , i.e. the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the national parliaments and the Commission , as a body of the Member States and the Commission , will be able to give this forum a more coherent public profile in trawler and later meetings of the year 2002 .
This interactive process , this dialogue between the European Council and the Convention or the forum , or the forum or the forum , could not be checked , and I would like to see all the institutional conclusions drawn up and , ultimately , all the institutional conclusions .
It will be clear that the discussion cannot be limited to the four issues mentioned in Nice .
I fully support Mr Barnier &apos;s support for the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that it is a question of developing a coherent and sustainable project for our enlarged Union .
The Commission will , of course , take the part of its part and take up various initiatives : it has already done with its contribution to the reform of the Treaties . It will be done by the support of Parliament and presidencies in carrying out a regular and wide @-@ ranging approach , as was requested in the Nice declaration , and it will end with the White Paper on responsible political leadership .
However , in this White Paper , you cannot expect a basic approach to demarcating the competencies of the Union and the Member States , because this constitutional area will not affect border control .
However , it will help to help ensure that the instruments are matched by a real decentralisation of administration and resources and means to better implement common policy .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I am sure that the construction of Europe is the biggest achievement of the second half of the twentieth century .
Many at the beginning of every new stage , this construction has been accompanied by a regular momentum , not too rigid or even ridiculous .
We shall now be holding the euro notes and coins , and I would like to repeat you all the facts that have been put forward to help developing this project .
Nevertheless , we are here today and we are all able to be proud of that .
( Loud , sustained applause )
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we welcome this debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme , if we agree that this debate was delayed , and that , because of the Nice debate it was perhaps not a other way to hold this debate today .
However , we hope for the next few years that we will be holding this debate each autumn in the autumn of this year , which we are talking about .
However , I would like to make a very brief speech to the Council : I think it is a scandal if the Commission is proposing its programme and the Council of Ministers and the presidency here !
We cannot accept that !
This shows where the shortcomings lie .
The Minister for Foreign Affairs travel from the world , which I am not completely vulnerable , because this is her job as foreign ministers ; at the same time , they are still responsible for European affairs .
This is why we have to say that people are not more foreign policy , and the presence of the presence of European foreign ministers in foreign ministers - and this is not the case , is a new proof of our structures and we must change these structures .
We need people in the governments who are looking at Europe .
( Applause from the right )
That is why I urge a Council of values which will then be able to keep up again here in Parliament .
Europe will not be holding a few major speeches from Foreign Affairs ministers , but by the day @-@ to @-@ day work on Europe .
That is why we call upon the Council of Ministers .
( Applause from the right )
We have heard that the President of France , Jacques Chirac , has said that this public debate on the Nice process is calling for this public debate on the Nice process .
We want a wide public debate on the future of our continent , and Mr President of the Commission , we are not able to speak for your own Parliament - and I am not in favour of your own Parliament - are , of course , interested in the future of Europe .
We would like to strengthen you as a Community institution because we do not see that the Council of Ministers is taking this power to support the Community &apos; s institution , Community and representative .
You have talked about the involvement of the European Parliament in this process .
We would like a little more specific .
In January of this year , the European People &apos; s Party , adopted at its Berlin meeting in Berlin , was recommending that we should have a negotiating formula which is based on the convention , i.e. the national parliaments , the Commission and the Council , of the national parliaments , the Commission and the Council .
In the Stockholm year , we want to see some indication in Stockholm , in Gothenburg and finally , under the Portuguese Presidency , that such a conference can begin its work in 2002 .
This conference ought to be the same as the nuclear and government administration in Europe , and it should be delivered to the effect that this conference should be structured .
My second point is asylum and immigration .
Mr President of the Commission , we call for the Commission to take a priority policy for a common asylum and immigration policy , because we see that national policy is not going to lead to a result .
Only a common policy can solve these difficult tasks .
The Chancellor of a country of the Federal Republic of Germany , namely the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany , has said that , if you look at the principles of asylum and immigration policy , then we can quickly proceed to majority voting .
I would ask the Commission to step up the work so that we can agree on the basis of the agreement as quickly as possible in the asylum and immigration policy as soon as possible .
But we also ask the Commission to take account of the consequences in its initiatives .
For example , we have the impression in family reunification that you want to give people a great deal of attention .
We ask you to turn family reunification to the core of the core , so that we do not have an impact which is no longer manageable .
Overall , the asylum and immigration policy must be an important area .
Third observation : Europe .
As everyone knows , we will have the common European currency on 1 January 2002 , as the President of the Commission rightly pointed out - and rightly so - that Europe has changed it .
But we must also strengthen Europe &apos; s competitiveness by making it possible for small and medium @-@ sized enterprises to invest in small and medium @-@ sized enterprises .
I believe we need to strengthen our efforts .
With regard to the question of enlargement of the European Union , we are committed to supporting the first members of the European Union until 2004 .
Mr President of the Commission , I would ask you to make a public information programme so that we can also convince people in our countries that the enlargement of the European Union is necessary and in the historic interest of Europe .
Let me say that we want a strong , progressive and democratic Europe .
Mr President of the Commission , let us work together .
We are at your side when you strengthen the Community institutions .
We ask the Council not to refuse to do so , but also to make its contribution to the European Union .
If we then do this together , it should be possible .
However , the Council must now fulfil its tasks before the Commission and Parliament set Parliament .
( Applause )
Madam President , Mr Prodi , in the direction of the enlargement of the Central and Eastern European countries , the countries of Central Europe are becoming increasingly important in a few years &apos; time , in a few years &apos; time .
From the point of view of the Union , the best way of strengthening peace in the region of the region and to gain new economic problems in the area of South Africa and Ukraine .
In the activities of the Union , this is not the case .
We are quick to find a situation in which these countries themselves do not have the economic conditions or the political will to find appropriate forms of cooperation .
But in cooperation with the countries of the Mediterranean , there has already been huge amounts of money and resources , although the results still remain there .
It is also being taken in the East .
I have noticed that Mr Prodi has not spoken in his remarks on our relations with the east , which may not be possible in the comprehensive report .
Over the past few years , investment for Russia has fallen one tenth of what was channelled in the Mediterranean countries .
For all the former countries of the Soviet Union , half of the appropriations has been spent for the cooperation in the Mediterranean .
This interrelatedness is not the case in the light of the importance which is close to close @-@ sector regions .
Above all , the forms of economic cooperation must be concrete and viable .
According to the waste hierarchy , the waste directive for some 9 million is being put in place and the neighbouring region will be able to enter into either either either either either or over @-@ zealous installations in the ecologically sensitive , veterinary and daily spheres .
This has already led to serious changes in the natural balance of the natural balance and this state of affairs .
Mr Prodi calls for sustainable growth .
The transformation in the region in the region is a good example of concrete cooperation with the northern region .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen .
Firstly , on behalf of my group , I would like to welcome the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , which is specified in the legislative programme , which Parliament has called for to adopt on the initiative of my group .
You are not talking about proposals ; it is humane , perpetrators of trout from the last year and will become more .
We must remember that you have met 50 % of the programme last year .
We do not have to propose a great deal to be able to comply with it .
I should also like to remind you that there was an agreement , after consultation with Parliament &apos; s committees in January ; it will continue to be able to comply with deadlines in the coming year .
I believe that the most important way in which the citizens &apos; support for the European project is the European project ; it is a sign of its success .
This is a duty to tackle the problems which our fellow citizens are trying to fight , for example , the economic and social agenda which we are going to discuss in March , the introduction of the euro rather than cash and combating organised crime .
My group specifically supports the proposal made by the Commission &apos; s proposal &quot; all products from military hardware &quot; ; that is to say the 48 poorest countries .
These are crucial aspects of the programme .
This does not prevent us from thinking of the criticism we are taking on and which we must ask ourselves .
One of the sticking points is the handling of BSE from Brussels bureaucrats ; in this context we have to say that the Commission and Parliament have been obliged for years to come up with this crisis and that we continue not only to see the people responsible , but also the need to give our fellow citizens a response to their concerns .
Because the creation of a single market does not only mean to use and impose standards on the protection of the citizens , it also means that the essential services are to guarantee the essential services and to ensure that it is a civilised and greater freedom in a world to secure competition and greater freedom .
I think that we should remember that , at present , we need to live by the virtue of deregulation and not by pointing out that we must also live in a civilised context .
As far as the issue of governance is concerned , instead of proceeding with a very unsatisfactory and a little more detailed discussion on new forms of democracy , we must re @-@ examine the old and good democratic behaviour which we will have to understand , for example , the embassies of the oil reduction from 2 500 years .
That is what we need .
We also need a Commission proposal on the distribution of responsibilities and the possible form of integration of the Charter .
This means that we are going to make a very extensive contribution to the whole report .
Mr President , you are making a few general comments to the civil society and speak more with their elected representatives in the European Parliament and with the Members of the Member States .
I do not think it is a question of going over this year to enter into a collective or undemocratic electorate ; we need to consider the procedure and method of this kind .
In this respect , Madam President , I believe that we must also make a clear distinction .
Madam President , I agree with my time , Madam President , because I say the Commission has made proposals to produce proposals .
If it is to be done , we will be able to strengthen a alliance which is essential in order to help steer the future of European construction and help us to help build the future of European construction .
On behalf of my group , I welcome this progress .
However , we are very concerned about the report which the Commission published last week published in Stockholm last week .
We have seen the high goal of developing the world &apos; s dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy , and unfortunately we are making headway in the dynamic knowledge of the world .
I do not agree with a bad losers , but I would like to point out that I am one of the minority who sat on the proposal to liberalise the postal services .
It concerns every one of us .
I am reminded of what is happening in the United States about the famous Mayor of nitric , Richard feeding , etc .
Following one of his own oil fans , he wanted to talk about the new grand objectives of his administration .
In this respect , he is a mistake to oppose the rapid reaction of his speech , unfortunately .
He promised that his new administration will strive to achieve new goals .
In my opinion , we should be careful not to undermine the same mistake at Lisbon , but that we will achieve real progress .
It is important that the Stockholm message should be seriously taken up with our commitments and that we will be able to implement them .
We have made good progress in our efforts to carry out the food and organisation in the last twelve months .
Much still remains to be done , but there has been a lot of progress .
My group supports trade and development in the field of trade : all goods are using weapons .
In view of the fact that the Commission itself is divided with the sensitive problems of agriculture in the context of the World Trade Organisation and the debate on agrarian reform , I hope that these discussions will not affect the development of trade .
This is a major European initiative and I hope that the College of Quaestors will be devoting whole ground , regardless of the difficulties which may arise in other areas .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party considers that we should devote more attention to asylum and security .
I congratulate Mr Vitorino on the work that has been done , but we have reached an agreement in Tampere , and I wonder why we are still so hard to do so after such a long period of time .
As far as the enlargement of my group is concerned , I would like to say to the Commission , and also to this House , and by Mr Solana , and Mr Solana , that we must really deal with Cyprus in full detail with Cyprus .
This is not just about the acquis communautaire , and Cyprus is already very far @-@ reaching .
It is not just a question of whether Cyprus can implement the acquis communautaire , and we do not see any problems .
On the contrary , we are dealing with serious and serious political issues which we believe will not be the time and attention which they believe for a successful accession of Cyprus .
As far as the form of the legislative programme is concerned , I am delighted that the programme will first be referred to in the House &apos; s committees .
It is good that we have the opportunity to reconcile ourselves with the programme and its priorities .
As Mr Prodi said , it is not a matter of behaving responsibly and he has set a number of priorities .
But I did refer to the programme .
There is a large number of views on which we are working from 49 .
These 49 of 49 contain various initiatives .
It is very difficult to identify the real priorities and to identify the areas of our particular political commitment , from which we have to deal with some of them .
Something needs to change .
We need to change our modus operandi .
I hope we will be so much in September that any initiative is justified .
I do not want to say that the proposed initiatives are not justified , but we need more information .
Perhaps we have suggested some of the initiatives , but according to some points that they are not so important it may be .
To what extent is this programme the result of a Council call upon the Commission to take the initiative ?
We cannot find answers to these questions .
But I would like answers .
This is not a matter of interference in the Commission &apos; s right of initiative on the Treaties but the issue of quality control .
I would like to conclude by saying that it would be very sensible to reach an agreement until September , Madam President , as President of this conciliation procedure and the President of the European Commission , as President Prodi and Mr Prodi , as President of the European Commission , could explain and say that this is our priority for Europe . This is our priority for Europe .
What do you think about this ?
So we need to tackle our work on the part of our work .
Finally , I would like to say a word about Nice or the post @-@ Nice process .
As a European Parliament , we should draw up a long @-@ term and open debate on the institutions &apos; extensive participation in fruits .
My group could consider the formation of a convention in which the European Parliament and the national parliaments are actively involved .
( Applause )
Madam President , my Group also fully supports the fact that , in this debate , we really want to look at the key priorities and look at this Business @-@ cycle approach for one moment and to forget this business in our daily work .
First of all , I would like to say that the biggest problem is the lack of instruments which enable the Union to work in the way of increasing the challenges of increasing globalisation , for example , which will protect the people of Europe against the cost of globalisation .
I would just like to point out that the Nice Summit was not able to adopt a decision , after which qualified majority voting can be decided on tax matters .
This means that we leave the market to these issues .
We must take account of the players in our taxation systems , and that is , of course , an essential limitation for which we can build on the European social model , which means that we can use the European social model to develop society .
growth has been addressed here .
There is no doubt that we really must fight against increasing racism , because we can no longer take immigrants and asylum seekers .
We all have a major public responsibility here .
Madam President , very often there are strong words in this House about the people of Europe .
It has been said here today that citizens must be involved in decision @-@ making , but that is all too often forgotten if it is far from happening .
I refer to a topical example .
The institutions are trying to make a kind of action to ensure that the citizens of the citizens are supposed to be informed about the decision @-@ making process of the Union .
I would like to warn all the Members of this House against the fact that this branch of affairs is mainly a regulation which protects the confidential work of the institutions , i.e. the opposite .
We cannot accept this and we must also discuss this issue more publicly .
This cannot be completely behind closed doors , as is the case at the moment .
Madam President , Mr Prodi has referred to his speech on sustainable development , and this is a central issue for my group .
If we do not really manage to achieve a programme of sustainable development , we have lost a chance which might not be wasted .
In this case , the Commission has a high level of management and attitude .
But it is true that there will always be problems in this practical situation .
Today the Commission will publish its White Paper on its re @-@ election strategy , but I have reason to ensure that the Commission &apos; s talents is more adequate in this respect , in particular , to guarantee that dangerous chemicals are actually protected from the transport market .
We cannot accept this if we talk about sustainable development .
The competitiveness of the environment is an aspect that should be taken seriously and , in particular , the Commission should listen to companies and economic operators who have recognised that sustainable development can be a good business .
We are currently discussing the major reform of agricultural policy , and we want to encourage the Commission to adopt an overall stance and urge the Commission not only to take a look at small and medium @-@ sized and not just small steps .
In conclusion , Madam President , I would like to say that I am sure that Annex IV of the Treaty of Nice is probably the best part of the overall Treaty .
It contains a great deal of commitment to Parliament and the Commission , and also for the Council , the Swedish Presidency , to re @-@ evaluate this process with which the European Union is open to the European Union .
My Group fully supports the initiative proposed by the European Union , civil society during the next six months prior to the Summit in symbol of this debate , including national parliaments , and also those of the candidate countries .
I have noted with regret that , in particular , we must be satisfied with the fact that we must listen to the national parliaments .
No , civil society is a little more ludicrous .
We must take them seriously and we should not allow the Intergovernmental Conference to stop more than the national interests , and that is something that has taken place behind closed doors .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 raises a number of questions , first of all to the role of the Union in Europe and the world .
The negotiations with the candidate countries should be continued to date , in your document , which refers to the reference from 18 to be completed this year .
How can we do away with this type of behaviour , if not bureaucratic information about the problems faced by the problems faced by problems and on the basis of political decisions that we have to make ?
Apart from that , I believe that the concept of the Union &apos; s strategy in the Balkans , its relations with Russia and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership - and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership - is particularly moderate and drastically reduced .
The measures taken by the Union in these areas have also been taken up critical voices , such as last week on 2 Euro @-@ Mediterranean week .
What lessons do you learn from this study ?
What happened to the Union &apos; s development policy ?
In addition to the fact that , as a result of the commercial action which you just mentioned just now , post @-@ mortem inspectors set up the post @-@ General for Agriculture , Agriculture and Cooperation , in the case of a United Nations example .
With regard to the other countries , you will replace the Lomé philosophy with the logic of the WTO .
What is the ambition of Europe today for its southern neighbours ?
The second major priority which I would like to ask you is the new economic and social agenda .
In this context , the Commission must prepare the following decisions on the basis of crushing decisions on the basis of the structural indicators .
What is the role of the role of these indicators to social concerns and what is the most straightforward element of the market in human development ?
For example , you are proposing no social condition for the Commission &apos; s approval of large companies .
Why not ?
What do you intend to do in the future , in order to prevent events like Michelin , Danone , flight conferences and others , where the announcement announced by excellent financial results with plans on veterinary contracts ?
Why will you postpone the directive on European Works Councils next year ?
In this context you have announced a White Paper on the subject of the political leadership which is supposed to include a partnership with civil society .
Coming from the World War in port , I am sorry to say that I am in favour of both hands and I am sorry , because I believe that , behind a political tiger , almost all these guidelines are accompanied by a political tiger , almost all these guidelines are liberal .
What steps would you be prepared , Mr President of the Commission , to do so in 2001 ?
Madam President , the agreement reached in Nice is now the way forward for enlargement of the Union .
That was the key objective of achieving this within the framework of the pre @-@ accession process , and I believe that there is nothing more than the candidate countries &apos; accession to the European Union .
The most important task of the current 15 Member States of the European Union is to ensure that the Treaty of Nice is gradually ratified .
The provisions of Nice can only enter into force if the process of ratification is concluded in the 15 Member States of the Union .
I note with interest that today &apos; s debate is under the heading of the Nice Summit .
I would be interested to warn everyone involved in discussing extensive developments in the Union at the end of the European Union .
This is the central area which is currently there in the Union .
Those who talk about a broader political integration within the Union assume that the Treaty of Nice will obviously be ratified .
But , of course , this is not the case .
The Treaty must be brought to grips with the 370 million citizens of the Union in a manner which makes it easy to sell and ensure that the good will of all our citizens be made .
This criticism is particularly directed against all those who propose that complete federal structures in the European Union are introduced in the European Union .
It seems to be in Europe that it is very good for us to be able to do what they are doing . This is a good thing for us , and you will be grateful for the amendments that the citizens will then be grateful to .
But it does not work well .
We are proposing proposals .
Then we will try to win the European citizens within our respective parliaments or by referenda .
We support the enlargement of the European Union and fully subscribe to the full right of candidate countries to join the European Union . We must now convince our citizens of the importance of the Treaty of Nice and its profound political consequences .
However , in any case , the European Union should continue the debate on new political developments in the Union unless the Treaty of Nice is not ratified in every Member State .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , with some surprise the statements made by the chairman of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and in a sense , in a sense , the institutional divide of the Council of Ministers and , in a sense , in this House , there has been documented criticism from the sectoral policy of the Member States .
It seems to me that it is symptomatic of what President Prodi has just discussed . This programme is one of the ideals . This programme is , however , a book of ideals , but this is the one books which Mr Prodi mentioned in his speech .
We are still talking about the basic problem of the basic problem , which has now been the subject of the modern Europe , which is becoming a social state , described as a social state .
The electoral system is and remains whether we want a social or a liberal state .
Do we want more state and less market and less market ?
We have heard that , last year in Europe , 2.5 million jobs have been created which , according to the Commission President of the Commission , has been given a great deal of valuable outcome to women , but Mr Prodi has clearly explained an excellent result , but I believe that this must be looked at the basis of the territorial distribution of these jobs in the Union .
In the South , there is a lot of unemployed in the South , while the Union could overcome two problems with such a solution .
I am also thinking of your comments about internal reform of the Commission , Mr President .
I know that a passion is taken into work , and this passion by the Commission , for example , determines their internal electricity systems , to the Commission &apos; s staff , who are aware of the cuts because of the cuts in the work of the staff and the staff of the European Parliament .
Mr President , a few lights say yes about the Treaty of Nice , because federalists are against protest against this .
Some federalists say yes , because anybody opposed to objections , but there can be good reasons for a vote for both groups .
Eurosceptics must be opposed to power from national parliaments to Brussels .
federalists must be opposed to the fact that decisions have been made by the electorate and elected representatives to officials and ministers in the EU .
Nice means just a few democracy .
We all have a common interest in guaranteeing a democratic debate before the next Treaty .
We have to stop behind closed doors , the next Treaty must be held publicly by the representatives of the people .
The discussion must not only be public but the public must also be directly involved in the discussion of the countries where it is allowed to vote in referenda .
Against this background , federalists and &quot; Miscellaneous &quot; are able to discuss the future of Europe .
What is to be decided in Brussels what is to be decided in Strasbourg , what is to be decided by the national parliaments ?
The Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities supports the Europe of Democracies and Diversities .
We would like to see the majority of all decisions in the Member States and regions .
The wealth of Europe is in its differences and we see no need to change the EU &apos; s decision to change the world &apos; s own decision @-@ making process .
We can decide on such a subject .
Finally , I hope that the European Commission will use the way in which the Commission is trying to use a pluralist debate between all different views on European integration .
Mr President , today &apos; s debate on a oral question on the follow @-@ up to the European Council in Nice , during the press period , shows that the next Intergovernmental Conference should be convened , as a result of a new round of negotiations .
The Commission , and especially the Commission , await , as has just been said , the great European goose , which was decided upon by the Nice Council and the way in which the Charter of Fundamental Rights draw up the Charter of Fundamental Rights as a result of the last year .
But no more than anything else should not prevent us from thought .
The idea of a European constitution depends on the idea of a European State which does not want to be our peoples .
Moreover , the Council of Nice must adhere to this idea as the objective of the future Intergovernmental Conference , for the future Europe does not need a future state with a constitution , but a network of nations , which respects the national democracies and is based on an electoral force .
At the moment , we must reflect on the future debate .
It must be said openly that the Convention which has worked on the Charter , the Charter of Fundamental Rights , was a failure because it is constantly confused and , ultimately , a text which sounds perfectly pleasant in the ears of a supranational state , but it sounds not acceptable for the whole of the Union to be acceptable .
Of course , the Intergovernmental Conferences must be prepared in future , but in no way constitutes an agreement on the condition of a convention which is taking us into another deadlock .
First of all , it is important for the next Intergovernmental Conference to have a debate in and with the national parliaments that have responsibility for this responsibility .
In a second stage , the Intergovernmental Conference should only negotiate on credible proposals , that is to say , at least one quarter of the national parliaments of the Union .
This would ensure that the link between the national democracies is respected and that the link with the national democracies will be respected .
President Prodi , we understand how difficult it is to summarise all the issues which the European Commission has to address in a short document .
I will therefore only confine myself to two problem areas in which I would like to see them re @-@ addressed .
Let us look at what is happening in the agricultural sector at the moment : we as a European People &apos; s Party consider it imperative to reconsider the common agricultural policy and , in particular , clarify the scope of future strategies .
Let us think only about the financial burden of our budget by agricultural policy , which is endemic in the back of agriculture , or about globalisation .
You yourself mentioned the proposal made by Commissioner Lamy , which is very important , but it will have significant implications on the issues of agriculture .
Or look at future developments in food safety , in the field of technology and biotechnology .
If we then accept the issues of enlargement and reinvigoration of agriculture in certain regions , such as the Mediterranean , we would like to know what model of European agriculture is to be brought to fruition and , above all , we are sure that this model will not be undermined by the altar of foreign policy or , as a result of international requirements , as a result of international requirements .
The second problem concerns the Mediterranean , which is an important forum in which we took part in the last week .
There are still major problems open to the Mediterranean area .
It is our wish that this is a policy which has the same prerogatives in the southern area as the same counterpart to the countries of the European Union .
Mr President , President of the Commission , President of the Commission , I would like to thank Mr Prodi for his work .
We have heard a lot of attention today .
I would like to refer to your last words , which you also talk about Parliament , i.e. the role of the parliamentarians .
Fine , good words , Mr President , but too little practical !
I would like to make a brief comment .
The facts are the same : we want a strong Commission , because we are convinced that , in particular , we are convinced that the basis of a future Europe is not the basis for the future of Europe .
We also expect you to strengthen our role , and also to strengthen parliamentary democracy .
Generally speaking , we shall be voting in favour of this .
Only , Mr President , if your Vice @-@ President Barnier was told recently in a discussion on the part of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , we should propose a kind of forum in which all parties - civil society - civil society - civil society - and I am not referring to this , would be a forum of the Convention .
Mr President , we want a Convention , a European Parliament and the national MEPs .
That is what we want to do because we are asking for your clear and unequivocal support !
Mr President , I know there is also the criticism of the Commission - directly and indirectly - that this Parliament has weak shortcomings .
There are weaknesses in this Parliament .
However , the weaknesses of this Parliament and the conscience of Europe must be kept in the strengthening of this Parliament and not to weaken Parliament .
This brings me to the next point : you have also proposed this again - and I do not agree with you here today - to publish a White Paper on the question of good governance .
The concept of good governance is already a little problem .
I would say more well @-@ founded governance .
The democratic decision @-@ making process must be strengthened .
It must also be restored .
The dialogue with civil society is also part of the dialogue .
I agree absolutely .
We must do more , just as MEPs .
But again , the crucial question is the issue : is the participation of civil society to become a substitute for stronger parliamentary democracy or not ?
Is civil society in a sense of the structure of parliamentary discussion and decision making ?
Here too we need a clear and unequivocal statement from Parliament .
( Applause )
In this context , I should also like to add because it is also a new &quot; in &quot; light .
It would also be a good idea to do so in terms of &apos; gender welfare &apos; .
.
The scrutiny process must be the Parliament , the Council , the parliamentary bodies .
It is true that we have to make a transparent and public decision @-@ making process , not how this is currently happening , as is the case in the Commission and not in public meetings .
We need to enter into dialogue and discuss them , and we must look at the Council and your considerations , yes .
But we cannot prevent the sheep .
The bidder , which we might like to monitor , are to be monitored in the future ?
I do not think so .
It would be just as if I would say that the feedingstuffs industry and the animal feed are to determine the rules for the elderly themselves .
That is not our position .
In this connection , I would like to make one small remark : there is a growing trend in the Commission communication .
In other words , what the Council and Parliament will decide will be interpreted as possible by the Commission to interpreted as such , how it might like to take the various seats .
This is also a dangerous road !
The Commission makes proposals .
It has the right of initiative .
I admit this .
However , the decision @-@ making process must be carried out by parliamentary bodies , and this must not be carried out by the relevant communications .
If so , the European Court of Justice is called on .
Finally , Mr Prodi , we expect the Commission a whole series of proposals .
We are also awaiting the respect for the parliamentarism , as we the Commission .
We hope that you will be so interested as we want to strengthen our desire to strengthen it .
( Applause )
Mr President , the President of the Commission has explained that the institutions should act responsibly , transparent and efficient , and he has promised a White Paper on good governance .
Perhaps we should start by improving the quality of governance in the Union &apos; s work programme .
We should concentrate our political work on areas where EU @-@ wide action is indispensable .
We should ensure that the principle of subsidiarity remains maintained .
In view of the Commission &apos; s recommendation for a single European E @-@ PF system , this is actually the case , and I refer to any measure which was set aside for this year .
In the case of any new environmental policy , we should also make a contribution to the fact that , as my colleague Mr Clegg has suggested , a permanent investigation in this House is set up in order to ensure that the proposed measures comply with the criteria of subsidiarity and proportionality .
Mr Prodi , rather than the proposals in annexes , should give you a detailed list of proposals to the Union &apos; s position on the subject of a detailed list of proposals which would be justified .
The proposals should be the result of a serious debate on the Commissioners and not simply to be complacent on the point .
Our committee should study the individual Commissioners with an interim investigation .
This is the case in our plenary session .
Nice has shown that we do not make progress at intergovernmental level .
We now have to find out convincing arguments for a Europe @-@ wide Europe .
Mr President , President Prodi , I support the demands for detailed answers .
The political union of Europe has not progressed in Nice .
On the contrary , what has happened there is the renationalisation .
In the past , Mr Prodi , I believe that it is important to recognise the arrogance of the Council , Europe &apos; s arrogance in Europe .
They are from the nature of their nature .
Mr President , President Prodi , the Commission &apos; s attitude is vague and very vague , especially the question of the post @-@ Nice process .
You have found critical words about the Treaty , but I am told , in my own country , that the Commission is looking at an enormous breakthrough and success in the Treaty of Nice as an historic breakthrough and success .
You have found a critical speech , but your Commissioner gives us a complete forum of debate rather than a convention .
Mr President of the Commission , I would ask you to give a very specific answer to a clear question : compensation on behalf of Parliament , if you are to ask for a situation in which the Nice Treaty is to be reformed to the crucial democratic principles such as the division of powers , executive and security , and so on ?
Mr President , Nice was a retrograde step in a retrograde step - of permanent democracy , more transparency and no teeth !
In my view , however , the Nice Summit must be used in order to save the Union from Nice .
I would briefly mention four points which are important .
Firstly , I call on the Council to correct the number of seats of the seats in the European Parliament and Hungary immediately , which must not be allowed to include discrimination between these two countries .
Secondly , we must not create a new common denominator for the debate on the future of the Union .
Thirdly , finally , a breakdown in the Convention , which is also based on legitimacy and authority for draft proposals for reform , and the Intergovernmental Conference should not be allowed to take place in 2004 , at a time when the Commission and Parliament are not able to participate fully in the year 2004 .
Mr President , for years , our priorities have been addressed for years , because we do not fully achieve our objectives , or it is because we do not fully achieve the bad political , technological and economic fabric which we have to overcome .
The problem of employment and employment needs to be ignored , and we need to be able to meet our skills , them in the benefit of our own populations , and also the people of the candidate countries , as well as the people of the candidate countries , as well as the structures necessary to achieve economic adjustments and political and social relations .
There is no question of speeding up the process of speeding up the process of enlargement , but rather a rather morally correct decision , in accordance with the reality of the situation and the necessary speed of operation .
We must fight against illegal immigration , organised crime , organised crime , the exploitation of women and children , the drug @-@ dependence which has never been lost , but we must note that the formal documents do not correspond to any practical progress .
We are waiting for a European regulation to use the Internet .
After all , there is no freedom without rules . It is only a matter of violations of national and international laws .
The relaunch of the Mediterranean policy approved by the European Parliament during its last part @-@ session must be implemented as quickly as possible , and it is also important for the peace talks in the Middle East .
All the necessary priorities are currently being set at the moment : food safety and the health of the citizens .
In the name of a inaccurate concept of progress and the illegal profit @-@ making movement , a number of less than the illegal profit of the users of today and tomorrow has destroyed the health of the health and food industry .
The consequences will be devastating if we are not determined to respond to complete and evaluate them in good time .
Too often , the governments have already been arrested over the past few years about mad cow disease , humiliating invalidity or cargo residues , in all the cases which are not just as carcinogenic , but rather as environmental and health care , too late .
Mr Prodi , we are asking for the Council to take urgent steps to establish a monitoring and monitoring system , but we would like to see greater monitoring of your presidency .
Mr President , we are in Nice a great deal of open questions to which we need specific answers .
These issues involve transfers between national and European competences , simplifying the provisions of the Treaty of Fundamental Rights and the role of the national parliaments in the architecture of the European Union .
What are the Member States to keep up to ?
This issue is closely linked to the European Union &apos; s structure .
We need to be aware that only more clearly we can expect responsibilities to be able to guarantee the political and political decisions at European level .
It must therefore be an ambitious objective for the national parliaments to be included in the widest possible Intergovernmental Conference .
On the one hand , as early as possible in order to establish the traffic rate agencies in the Member States , it is possible to put forward the possible problems with regard to the possibility of supremacy in the past .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we are now starting the same thing as : the Amsterdam leftovers , which we set the Nice Treaty , must be resolved at the Nice Summit .
I think that we should also have clear procedures for this .
The question is that this is only a declaration of intent which will be adopted in a convention and will be the 15 in the course of close night , as is the same as in Nice ?
I believe that this must be clarified , in view of both method and objectives , which should not remain in the dark .
Moreover , after nearly all the Heads of Government , it is also necessary to say that the decision @-@ making process of Nice is a bad thing , according to which the decision @-@ making process may have been put in place , for example , in the case of the post @-@ Nice procedure .
Furthermore , the method of enlargement is also the way to delay enlargement .
Enlargement is the second major issue that we have to fulfil .
This leads me to the third issue .
We must see that the transatlantic links are not now being converted into a new security debate , that the Americans do not understand our defence and defence policy and we do not understand the Americans with their arms programme .
First of all , I think we can say that enlargement is our major security policy .
Secondly , if we develop our own skills , this part of NATO , which will continue to be responsible for collective security in Europe .
In my opinion , this is the only way to create the conditions for a network market organisation .
Today &apos; s meeting of the American President , Robert Stasi , is the author of the transatlantic declaration of 1990 .
I would ask you to continue this tradition to re @-@ sacrifice the sea .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , three brief comments .
First of all , the first stage is not only the public debate - the observations made by Mr Swoboda and Mr Brok - but the first stage is also included .
My very clear question to you is that you are prepared - whether is you ready - the Commission will be prepared to present a joint proposal from the Commission and Parliament for the further widening of the process of the &quot; Nice &quot; procedure ?
That is the first question which is about the method .
With regard to the second question , I welcome the fact that you have spoken of a body for the participation of governments , the Commission , the European Parliament and the national parliaments .
We want a Convention for the further revitalisation of the post @-@ Nice process , a convention which is a guide for the public debate , i.e. a clear and catalytic outline of proposals and , at the same time , a clear proposal for the Intergovernmental Conference and the issues which will then be negotiated in 2004 .
The third question concerns issues .
Four subjects , which are in order and feasible , but we all know that not only do these issues need to be investigated but that it should be very much more at stake for 2004 .
I would like to all advise that , in this strange term , we were &quot; post @-@ Nice &quot; , &quot; Nice &quot; , Nice .
It is not at the &quot; Nice Summit &quot; .
Nice is not just the end of a method , but it is also the end of a age , the age of the nation of Europe , the 60s , the 70s and the eighties .
It is now a question of creating the preparation of a new European Union , that is to say , a European Union of the 21st century .
We are not talking about the &apos; wake @-@ up process &apos; , but rather a symbol of European unification , which must be clearly visible .
If we take the public &apos; s view , if we want to win the people of Europe , if we want to win the people of Europe , it is not enough for us to start up to a &quot; Nice trial &quot; .
Mr President , allow me to start by saying that I have great disappointment at the fact that no ministers of the presidency are present at this important discussion .
Mr President of the Commission , in the wake of the Nice Summit , it is clear that the compromise reached behind closed doors has taken place behind closed doors .
It has now become apparent , and there has been a broad social debate about the objectives of Europe , its future and tasks .
That is a good thing .
They have a commitment .
But how should this change ?
If the citizens of Europe really want to take part in the discussion about the future of the common European project , they will also be able to influence them .
Is the Commission prepared to include proposals and ideas and implement them ?
In this case , it means that the EU will change and streamline the EU .
It is well known that many citizens want a clear constitution .
When will it obtain ?
We also know that the environment , asylum and cross @-@ border crime are important issues where the citizens want to see a strong , dynamic and dynamic EU .
Are the Commission and the Council prepared to provide the EU with these instruments ?
Unfortunately , the results of Nice are unfortunately the opposite .
We know that there is a large amount of vexation that the Union has a lot of details about too many details .
If the Commission is prepared to provide the famous principle of subsidiarity , the Commission is prepared to find a process of content and to find the enormous burden which characterises us all in Brussels and Strasbourg .
The citizens of the EU and the applicant States , together with the national parliaments and of course , must have a real impact on the procedure and the decisions on the future of the EU .
But what ?
This is the big question which lies in the air .
After what happened in the year 2000 , Mr President , it is hard to agree to you , Mr Romano Prodi , when you explain , your programme of Europe and the year 2001 .
According to your programme , we could believe that this is a very serious and far @-@ reaching problem at all .
In its proposals , the new economy and millions of new jobs have been raised , without taking into account the need to create these jobs in the areas in which these jobs are high and they are suffering from the highest levels of employees who suffer from the highest level of employees .
Neither the economic and budgetary problems involved in the necessary enlargement of the new States still provide attention to the tragedy of immigration from the Third World , which is polluted by the ultra @-@ liberal globalisation which is polluted in port .
There is no doubt about the huge disappointment of Nice and , in this context , it is inconsistent that the countries of the States are unable to direct a direct democratic decision by the citizens or the Union &apos; s ability to prevent political and legal personality with no government and bodies .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , the Commission should not cease to see the fact that the process of European society is currently a process which must be adopted in the process of adopting a constitution of the Union .
It would be good if the Council , the Commission and Parliament jointly , together with the initiative , will be adopted by the citizens .
Mr President of the Commission , today we have the eurosceptics of the mafias .
They have been set up in this House , which is about everything in the city of Nice , and they are not mad enough in the face of the political arrogance which it has shown and that she has experienced it again in the wake of the political arrogance it has shown and rush back because they have failed to learn from the past .
However , the enlarged European Union requires precisely the opposite , so that it is not just the case of the Treaty of Amsterdam that the Treaty of Amsterdam should be calculated and , if the year 2004 , we have seen new frustration .
Europe needs another strategy , another concept .
The majority must be prepared to do so without prejudice .
It is enough that they failed in Nice .
It is now right now that she realises the fact that they have taken place in the hands of the day and the real reality of the peoples and the real reality of the peoples .
This is about the question of which we need to go , but also the question of speed .
If you want to introduce a state and political superstructure , it is not even a European public , but not even a European public , but it can only lead to new disasters .
More centralism , less democracy .
Of course , the peoples are against themselves .
No one wants to shift back to democratic quality , in his own country , in his own language and culture , where they are in power .
If you do not understand this , if we are not prepared to pass more people on the basis of the leadership of the national parliaments , if we do not want to give up the way in which we want to keep Europe , then the Nice debate will fail to go beyond the Nice debate , and this is a pity that the Nice debate will remain a pity .
It would also be regrettable if the federalists continue to see their close thinking in theoretical terms and undermine the same disappointment as in Nice and Europe .
So what is being prepared is not what is happening .
We need a completely different European strategy , a strategy with nations on the basis of peoples , and no more that goes beyond the peoples and against nations .
Furthermore , more than a European debate , we need fifteen national debates in the context of enlargement , more national discussions on Europe , without compromising and ambiguities , where the questions clearly come on .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the absence of a concrete programme for the Commission &apos; s work programme to prepare the forthcoming institutional reform is , as you have noted , with concern .
It seems that we should await the vehicle &apos; s guidelines in order to make a move .
However , the debate on the future of the Union has been launched for months , with speeches from various Heads of State and Government , and Parliament is already active .
The Commission &apos; s passivity , if they were to confirm it , would be extremely serious in this technical stage , because we all know that it is the guardian of the penal code .
This responsibility must be reflected in concrete proposals and not completely appropriate to a White Paper or other dossiers .
However , I am very pleased that President Prodi reiterated his support for the explanatory statement this morning in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that he confirmed that the proposal for a forum is not a step backwards in relation to the last convention , but rather the pursuit of a better functioning Convention .
But if this is the case , what is to be amended ?
The people of Europe are now aware of what a Convention is , and it has been possible to assess its transparent and impartial results and compare it with the laborious outcome of the last Intergovernmental Conference .
Not to reject the name ; they reject the Convention .
Let us therefore move on to the non @-@ liberal movement and support to the public , so that Parliament and the Commission are fighting .
Let us not put back to those who do not want democratic and transparent Europe but a strong , democratic Europe .
The Union does not need a supranational Commission .
It needs an active and courageous Commission : what we are asking for today .
Mr President , if we are at last holding the debate on the future of the European Union , we need a solid institutional division .
The proposals which you have put forward this morning will allow us to follow up Mr Hänsch &apos; s suggestion - to restore the natural alliance between our two institutions , to restore this dialogue within the institutional structure of the institutions .
But if we want to make progress on this path , it is not helpful to denounce this or to the Council &apos; s behaviour .
We need a strong Council , we need a strong Council in our institutional division .
There are reforms which can be carried out without any change in the Treaty .
We should support the initiatives in this respect in the Council , rather than confining ourselves to the absence of the Council &apos; s absence , as Mr Poettering has just done .
My second point concerns the White Paper on responsible political leadership which we impatiently await .
We take note of the debate on the debate , which is one of the points in Annex IV , i.e. skin .
However , I should like to draw your attention to one aspect .
You said this morning that you want to see a Europe with closer citizens .
We believe that if we want to make progress here , we are asking for real improvement .
In our constituencies , in our own constituencies , we are constantly hearing the difficulties that exist if we want to see projects with the Commission .
The long @-@ term of the procedures and the concentration of the projects will be a great deal to be desired in this respect .
The third point concerns the debate on the future of the Union .
In my opinion , this morning you have identified some elements which will enable us to start dialogue with good conditions .
The question must , of course , be made following the content ; the institutional questions will then follow .
Of course , the question of the European Union &apos; s political importance at international level , the issue of solidarity , and I am tempted to highlight the issue of solidarity in this context , is crucial in the context of the social model , which is of crucial importance to coexistence in the European Union .
As far as the method is concerned , we are pleased to note that you have taken note of the idea that the four partner of the Convention must once again be the case in the institutional phase of the Convention on its ability to cooperate with the sporting community .
There must be a distinction between advisory and the relevant bodies .
The Convention must be a separate body , because the experience of Amsterdam and Nice has shown that , in the Intergovernmental Conference , there is no room for manoeuvre in the Intergovernmental Conference because we wish to wish the Convention of the Convention and because we are convinced that all proposals can be drawn up in this context .
There is no separation between the issues of human rights which could be discussed in political bodies and , on the other hand , the institutional aspects which only involve diplomatic bodies .
Nice has proven that the Convention will allow the Convention to make more rapid and more rapid progress and to improve our common organisation .
Mr President , enlargement is the most important European project .
I would like to thank the Commission for its efforts .
But this is now a difficult part .
We are now talking about speed .
The first enlargement will be the first enlargement in Copenhagen , in December 2002 .
That is the Commission &apos; s objective and we take the floor in this regard .
I should like to call on the next item on the applicant countries to keep very close contact with the candidate countries and to ensure that it is put in place in time .
But , Mr President , not just the candidate countries should adapt to us , and we must adapt .
A EU with 27 Member States must learn to concentrate its forces on the major and cross @-@ border tasks .
That is not what we are doing at present .
You said here in Parliament a year ago , Mr President of the Commission , that the Union of all - and I quote from all - the European Union should be exempted from all the Council of Ministers and Parliament .
You have made the words &apos; ridiculous cause &apos; of the word &quot; ridiculous cause &quot; .
It is now time to do something about it .
Let us call for a stronger but more important EU !
Let us turn to too many things !
I suggest that you , Mr President of the Commission , are drawing up a courageous Commissioner with the fight against small grants and for less important arrangements and that the conference of the national parliaments and the European Parliament for EC affairs is authorised , legal measures which violate the principle of subsidiarity .
In return , there must be a strong Commission , so that the Union is able to act in other areas .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a spectre is a spectre for Europe .
It is the spectre of the day .
We are the Commission &apos; s main ally towards preserving the trend in Nice - Europe has been in the federal impasse , President Prodi , and we are the main ally of the Commission .
The Commission and Parliament must work closely together on this issue .
When Parliament , President Prodi , sometimes levelled criticism at the Commission &apos; s veterinary committee , it is not the case that the Commission is not the case , but the expression of our democratic counterpart .
There is doubt that we do not want this to go closer and do not divide .
The national parliaments have been addressed .
I strongly urge that a convention and not a forum for preparing the next steps will take place , as the Council representative , the Commission , Parliament , Parliament and the European Parliament .
We should not shy away from the areas in which so @-@ called socially dealt socially .
It would be important if it were clearly formulated in the Commission .
Moreover , we must consider the role of the national parliaments in the process of the European process .
It is important for the national parliaments to monitor the Council .
That is their task .
They have no breakdown in the Community institutions such as the Commission or even Parliament .
Therefore , if the participation of the national parliaments is concerned , they must be made in the legislative process .
They cannot restrict the role of the European Parliament .
We are also giving this clarification .
The Commission is going to focus on asylum and immigration .
This is not a European policy on asylum and defence policy , but , as Mr Vitorino said , it is a question of individual directives .
But we need a common approach which still lacks us and the Commission has to work .
In this respect - and here I represent a similar position as the Commission , I represent a very similar and open debate , and the next step would be a body based on a broad basis which would make the necessary changes .
This body could , in analogy with the Convention , the Charter of Fundamental Rights , also from representatives of the European Parliament , the national parliaments and governments .
The results would then be confirmed by a short Intergovernmental Conference .
In this respect , we would , of course , concentrate on the four issues raised by the European Council , including an issue which reflects the Commission &apos; s White Paper on good governance .
I would like the Commission to be interested in the most sensitive relationship between these two processes , especially in a way .
These include the future of the High Representative and the question of the enlargement of Parliament &apos; s powers on all legislative procedures , including those which are currently exempt from a break .
We must also deal with the problem of codification of the Treaties .
I think that a special procedure would be appropriate .
Perhaps this year we have a committee of experts from Member States and the institutions which could complete the task of codification and simplification of the Treaties so that political work can be completed next year on the basis of a simplified and enforceable text .
That would be the case , and we could devote our full attention to political work .
That would be my proposal on the other .
Mr President , the agenda of the Heads of State and Government for the post @-@ Nice process is a political oversight and not determined to prepare the Union for its enlargement .
The issues which have been put to the citizens are , of course , the fear of a motion for a referral back to Brussels to Brussels , but they will be able to make further medicine to the Member States .
Surely there is no room for definitive distribution of European and national competences .
Cooperation is not a transnational process but a dynamic process .
These were the items which were taboo , such as the euro , for example .
This criterion is the social need , and this cannot be substantiated .
A forum in which the future of Europe is discussed at the very outset is , in fact , an excellent idea , but the outcome is already clear from the outset .
As far as the future is concerned , in the different countries , there are totally different ideas in the individual countries , in the political parties and even within political parties .
Anyone who wants to regain the confidence of our citizens must be a more transparent and transparent Europe for a political structure , for a political structure , not renationalisation , but strengthening the political institutions of the Union .
These are the subjects on the agenda , so that courage would prove courage .
Mr President , a word on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 .
Never before have there been more clearly or more out of the messages that the EU must do less but better .
This will also be the European Parliament &apos; s conclusion in the coming weeks too if its committees are to deal with this programme .
In view of approximately 600 initiatives , of which almost 200 are available , there is a great deal to be able to set up its own priorities .
If I come now to the post @-@ Nice process , I would like to see it in the context of the European future .
We look back to the history of the European Union over recent decades and the European continent of the last century .
Let me quote from one of the former cornerstones of the smile and forget &quot; in which he says &quot; : &quot; The people shout &quot; : &quot; The people are living in a better future , but that is not true .
The future is a lesson of the future , who is not interested in the past , while the past has gone out of life and criticising us , so that we would like to destroy it or not .
People want the future to change the past . &quot;
Well , we have changed the past and Europe is a different situation today from the Europe of the European Union .
The four aspects of the Treaty of Nice are neither irrelevant nor irrelevant .
Our position is clear .
We want to see greater involvement of the national parliaments , and a more constructive and constructive basis .
We would welcome a clearer overview of what was demanded in the Berlin Group of the European People &apos; s Party last month , provided that this is not a pretext for strengthening the centre .
Similarly , simplification of the Treaties would be liable to simplify the Treaties , but it should not serve as a pretext for introducing a full European constitution , especially if it is a unitary state with a legally resident Charter of Fundamental Rights .
All these issues deserve as wide @-@ term public debate .
In the past , although again in the past there was talk of more open consultation , the officials of the different States at the Intergovernmental Conference , as in the case of Amsterdam and Maastricht , were still behind closed doors .
This must change in the next round of affairs .
There must be a genuine consultation with civil society , the expression of cultural and political transparency , which we would like to promote so much .
Mr Corbett mentioned the floor .
I would like to quote Baroness Bush who would like to quote the society with thousands of innocents .
Our debate on the EU &apos; s institutional future is important and must not be confined to the limited resources of Brussels , and we must make use of the democratic potential of the Internet and also to use public opinion .
The EU must strive for a truly open society .
Citizens must have a say , including those in the candidate countries .
We should also consider a new deadline for the next Intergovernmental Conference .
The year 2004 is a period of time and the Commission is very little in the process of proposing it , and it is a matter of European elections .
At the end of 2003 , the decision on the part of the European Parliament will give citizens the opportunity to vote in favour of their agreement or reject some important decisions of the governments , or to reject some important decisions of the governments .
These are the important questions .
One of the central issues in Great Britain , and in other countries , in which general elections are in place , is the future of Europe &apos; s future ?
In the light of a Council of Ministers and a Commission , it is very clear that Europe has taken its wrong approach .
In the light of the forthcoming elections , the message at the forthcoming elections could not be clear : only the Conservatives can guarantee that in the post @-@ Nice process we are able to find solutions to a multi @-@ European Europe .
In order to achieve their European future , most people in Europe want to see that they are in Europe , but they are not governed by Europe .
( Laughter and applause )
Mr President , unlike the previous speaker , I do not want to quote Baroness Bush &apos; s name , but rather an understatement .
Whilst George Bush spoke of the background of words from night &apos; s words of warning , you said that the shadows is not the same and I will come straight to the heart of my brief comments .
All the fifth man in this world has no access to clean drinking water , medical treatment and basic training .
The European Union , which is not only a trading block , but also a set of values , could make an important contribution in this area .
Last year , the agreement reached between the Commission , the Council and Parliament on the 2001 budget was the target of external assistance which includes both medical services and basic education , within the framework of the existing budget , not least , as a brake on the existing budget .
There have been plans and additional staff .
This approach from the Commission will lead to the fact that , and not so much a great deal of money will be transferred back to the Commission , and that it will be more ambitious to achieve direct results in areas which are also essential to development .
In this way , Europe could send a strong signal to the effect that the social sector is not only involved , but also for an increase in the matter .
I hope that the Commission will be able to present a good record this year .
Mr President , the Nice Summit is probably not a success of any success , perhaps those who think that they should be excluded from Europe .
It is therefore not even further surprising that there has been a discussion on the post @-@ Nice process .
This debate should - and this is of paramount importance - the Commission , in the final analysis , which is at the end of the day to determine procedures at the conception Summit .
Our Parliament has now adopted the initiative for a thorough interim report , and for a final report which , for example , is intended to be presented before the end of the year , that is to say a moment ago .
Irrespective of this work , it is necessary to make a few changes now .
That is what our Group is discussing in this debate .
Firstly , the main pillars of the Treaty of Nice must be defined in order to give the post @-@ Nice agenda the right content .
The first priority should be to achieve more democracy .
In Nice , the error of qualified majority voting in Nice is unacceptable , but it is unacceptable to adopt the European Parliament &apos; s codecision procedure , so that both national parliaments and the European Parliament are excluded .
This mistake needs to be corrected .
Secondly , the extremely complicated decision @-@ making process must be changed .
The new rules are no longer available to citizens , and this cannot be desirable .
In this debate there is no risk of discussion between national and European powers to discuss , but rather a step in the right direction .
It would be better to distinguish between such a clear nature and the European Constitution .
Thirdly and finally , Mr President , we need to move away from the whole process , mainly by civil servants .
Far greater efficiency is the way in which the Charter of Fundamental Rights has been drafted .
I very much hope that the Commission will pass its proposal on the establishment of a forum for the establishment of a forum in which such a comprehensive body is not appropriate .
A convention also offers the advantage of including the national parliaments .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I am not going to say nothing about Nice , after no one is listening .
The head of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party has just voiced a lot of regret that he is not listening .
I am referring to the Commission &apos; s project with regard to foreign and security policy .
There are two aspects of this , the geographical and content content .
I agree with the greatest part of the Commission &apos; s geographical failings , one point : there is no mention of the Middle East .
We were in the past , and I hope that in the future too , in the future , we will be the biggest sister and minds of the region .
I am not enough to be able to make a process of a process which will make other decisions .
We need a different role in the negotiations in the Middle East .
We hope that this will not only be seen as a task of the Council and the High Representative of the CFSP but we expect an important , creative initiative from the Commission .
In essence , we need the Commission &apos; s presence in the common European security and defence policy .
This House welcomes the development in this area in Mrs Lalumière &apos; s report , but - and I would like to follow this up on behalf of my colleague , Mr Nassauer , who is spectre to a spectre from Europe , in particular in this area : the spectre of the preparatory system .
Our Parliament wants a common European security and defence policy to be established .
The Commission is obliged , Mr President , to strengthen the legislative instrument of this policy .
They want to do with a contribution to crisis management and conflict prevention , and I do not think it is good !
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to ask you : please I do not intend to start discussions with the President of the Commission during the debate because he is not listening to the debate because he is not listening to the debate .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the Commission on his report today and on his report on the year 2000 .
I would also like to highlight the important role of the European Union &apos; s Charter of Fundamental Rights in this report , while congratulating Commissioner Vitorino on his important speech .
The European Union &apos; s fundamental rights , Mr President , we must now see how we included this Charter in the Treaty .
The fundamental rights of fundamental rights is , of course , precisely those who violate them within the European Union .
I therefore believe that all initiatives relating to the third pillar are essential for this Parliament .
The Chairman of our Group , Mr Hans @-@ hoop , and many other speakers have spoken today .
In our opinion , the stage of the communitisation of the Intergovernmental pillar in Maastricht is extremely important .
And here I believe that there is an initiative which the Commission has outlined in its tailor @-@ sightedness and which we attach importance to the European audit warrant .
I believe that there must be no place in the European Union for terrorists , who took a new bomb in Madrid yesterday and was an attack on the lives of people who wanted to join people from citizens .
Mr President , I am sure that this initiative , one of the Commission &apos; s priorities , will become a reality .
I would therefore like to encourage you to proceed in this line .
Mr President , unfortunately I have to repeat the observation which I took last year , namely that our Union is lacking .
President Prodi or the Commission are no stranger to President Prodi or the Commission , and perhaps I can say more than that .
It is , of course , almost many things .
No one is more in the position of all the Commission and the Commissioners prepared by the Commission and the Commissioners to be aware of the preparatory work , intelligence , communications and reports .
My first conclusion is that we should do less , but that is better .
As President Prodi said this morning , we cannot afford to dispense with the flood of rubbish tankers .
There is an urgent need to define what is in our Union doing , i.e. the principle of subsidiarity .
And , even if the Commission has good legal reasons for doing so , it will not lead to a motorway , a motorway , a motorway , which is a national parliament on the construction of a new railway line or decision making on the construction of a transfer system , because this is under subsidiarity .
The President of the Commission was aware of this morning &apos; s question ; he has asked the right questions , but it is not its job to ask questions .
The Commission has a right of initiative , it must make proposals .
My time is not enough to continue this debate , but I must say that if we want to build the new European Parliament , we do not need only more and more freight , but also for architects .
I hope that you will be making this an aspiration .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to thank you for the fact that you have opened a fundamental discussion on the issue of which we want to see a European response to the question of which we want to see a Europe .
In this discussion , Mr President , the European Parliament should play an important role in the place of all its concepts and all the history of Europe .
And since today &apos; s discussion about everything , the debate on everything , through the best @-@ minded politician and by Galicia , you could allow me to make a reference to one of Europe &apos; s well @-@ known political personalities .
I am referring to my own , Mr Antonio @-@ speaking , who described the objectives of the prison report &apos; s words , which must be pursued by people who have to be persecuted to a better future .
Mr President , I was in fact causing a balance in Lisbon and Nice in the Commission &apos; s work programme planned in the Commission &apos; s work programme , economic and social policies .
We need well @-@ balanced progress in the internal market policy , competition policy and social policy , but the Commission &apos; s programme is hardly possible .
I do not see a reference to the welfare of these policies .
For example , in the field of competition policy and the laws of the internal market , for example , the merger regulation should be supplemented with regard to the rights of workers , including their social rights .
I would have liked to see relations with this South African country but I have been refused in vain .
In the economy and the internal market , developments are much faster than the social sector , which can easily lead to an imbalance .
In the Commission &apos; s work programme , I can hardly see any references to the social agenda agreed in Nice in December .
We can expect further progress in the areas of open coordination , which are now underway in the field of employment and in terms of social protection .
I should like to raise a fundamental problem at this point , namely that Parliament and its rapporteurs are not the Commission &apos; s documents in time .
In connection with these new forms of coordination , we must also comply with the normal forms of coordination .
In addition - and this is an end in itself - the Commission &apos; s work programme with his promise to present a Green Paper on the social responsibility of companies to the social responsibility of undertakings .
A Green Paper of this kind must be addressed to the thousands of workers who have become victims of restructuring over recent weeks , as a poor joke .
The legal framework in this area must be revised and I hope the Commission will react quickly here .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , it is a very good idea that you also have measures and initiatives which enable the Union to move towards a growth policy for asylum and migration .
I would also like to demand a few basic points , but we hope that the consequences will be made and that you also consider that they are in no way contradictory .
This care - which I should like to explain here , is sometimes missing from one example - as has been mentioned by the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council , on the subject of family reunification .
If family reunification is concerned , the spouses , children , children , children , is an extremely positive measure in the interest of a policy of integration which we fully support .
However , if you were to have the same title of those who are supposed to receive the right to claim to claim to claim to be a long time ago in the Union , you will obviously have to look at the consequences , and this is also contrary to your contact with a future immigration policy .
In addition , you take the right to decide on the Member States who could be able to choose and how many workers in the Union could be able to do so in a contradiction to what you think is positive .
Mr President of the Commission , we want to continue to support this , but we will only be able to do that if your initiatives are not contradictory and if the initiatives are to solve the problems .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we are agreed that we need a knowledge @-@ based economy in Lisbon .
I am delighted that Mr Prodi has highlighted the main importance of sustainable development and sustainable development whose effects are on the natural environment .
We welcome the rapid developments in the energy market , although there is a risk of sustainable developments in the energy market .
I hope that you will be consistently in favour of the use of renewable energy sources and that they are using using energy .
As far as trade is concerned , we also believe that we should be a new WTO round for desirable and sustainable development .
At this point , I would like to express my deep disappointment at the fact that , in Nice , there has been no greater involvement in commercial matters in Nice .
I would urge you to draw up an interinstitutional agreement which guarantees the involvement of the European Parliament in commercial matters .
We believe that there is reform and democratisation of the WTO .
We believe &apos; all goods &apos; , although we consider the use of all goods to be a good step , although some of us regret the delay in the least developed countries of the world , that our commitment is not so serious .
In the field of innovation and research , we are with interest in a detailed Sixth Framework Programme .
Sound and vague proposals will only slow down the implementation and frustration of EU concern .
The research area is , of course , extremely important .
We believe that information on benchmarking is extremely important , especially in the economic and innovation sectors .
I am very surprised at Mr Ferber &apos; s reply for two minutes .
Ferber ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
Mr President , you have the right to chair here and not a surprise !
The Commission has submitted a promising work programme for the year 2001 , and one can be told that it is a great deal : it is a great deal .
However , if I consider what it sees from the year 2000 , i.e. from the work programme for this year , I have already had the concern that we still have transfers of observers , and no longer have any time for new initiatives .
In other words , you have to consider whether you will not be able to consider what is to be done in anticipation of what is to be done in the post @-@ Nice process , namely whether or not the work of the post @-@ Nice process should be subject to the issue of secrecy , whether or not you have the right to participate in this Europe .
In this way , you would make sure that you do not have so many issues in the next or more year @-@ old year , except for people to understand what is at stake in this Europe .
I really would urge you to be encouraged - and I have all read everything with great attention to what you want to propose - whether or not this could be seen as a matter of practical competences , whether or not that is a matter of practical competences .
A second issue I should like to address is briefly because I represent a committed commitment to representative democracy .
I have a little concern with your approach of new governance .
It is the question of the role of an elected Parliament which has to be shared by an elected Parliament , too , with the people who have the responsibility of this responsibility .
It is precisely at European level that many representatives of local organisations are beginning to come back to us and ask ourselves where they are even stuck in the home , who are even stuck in the home in Europe ?
It cannot be the purpose of creating such a new approach that the signals not fail to get the upper hand , whereas the powers that are derailed , i.e. the European Parliament !
President .
Mr Heaton @-@ Harris , I believe you have gone back to me earlier .
I am surprised at your person &apos; s person , but only your speaking time !
Mr President , I can agree with what Mr Ferber has said .
I am not going to say anything about the many proposals that have been made in my employment policy , i.e. environmental policy and consumer protection .
I will not therefore say that , because I guess that half half is being transferred to the next year , will not be fulfilled .
In an German fashion , you are trying to see .
But it would not wish to seek new jobs so that they would not obtain them .
If you talk about sound governance , Mr Prodi , you also have a good deal to assess your own , your Commission and your Commission , which has been able to assess and decide what has happened in time and personnel .
To continue with good governance : what is good governance ?
What is this actually ?
Does this mean transparency ?
Statement , Mr Prodi .
Transparency is all very much we want to choose , but we are all going to be able to choose more transparency and with which you negotiate with those you are negotiating , more transparency ?
I say no , that is no longer transparency .
And to reduce procedures , Mr Prodi .
Yes , I am in favour of cutting the procedures in the Commission , including the reduction in the veterinary procedures in the Commission .
I am also in favour of cutting up procedures in Parliament , but are there a voluntary agreements with industry ?
Who will be making faster ?
And who will they be inspected ?
In principle , if they are not functioning ?
Is there a more democracy , I ask you ?
You , Mr Prodi , are the Heads of Government and we have confirmed that .
However , we have been elected by the European Parliament in the European Parliament , and it is directly elected .
This European Parliament has a central role in the definition of civil society , as you say so well , and I hope you can see that you are talking about democracy .
I warn all of us in the Commission , on this key role of this European Parliament , Mr Prodi .
At the moment , Mr President , good governance seems to be good at the moment to the Commission , governance protection and governance , and I would urge you to carry out the fact that the European Parliament is going to be able to carry out the decision @-@ making process and the body that you have carried out !
Mr President , last week in my country the petitioners of my country have found the skeletons from twelve people who tried to reach the European Union in the European Union last year .
Mr Prodi , the European Union and its institutions are giving the electorate closer to the citizens .
In my opinion , issues relating to the implementation of the area of freedom , security and justice are undoubtedly sensitive issues for the citizens of the Union .
We are in a very strange situation .
The Commission &apos; s legislative programme is well @-@ intentioned , the proposals put forward by Mr Vitorino , which are clearly stated in the scoreboard , and we can discuss them and discuss them .
There is a good communication on immigration - I hope Mr Poettering will be aware - which is based on a consensus on a joint policy .
The same applies to asylum and cooperation , for example , as my colleague said , in the fight against terrorism .
Since Tampere and until the last week in Stockholm , the Council has made reference to the decisions made by the Tampere European Council , but it was an amendment to the conclusions of the Tampere European Council .
There was no mention of the proposals that were put on the table , an agreement or not on family reunification .
Mr Prodi , you said that there will be delays in implementing these policies ; you said that there will be delays from the Nice Summit , and you have said that not the Commission is the fault of this ; why must this be ?
What will the Commission do to defend this part of the legislative programme , which I would like to stress , for a good programme ?
Thank you .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the few minutes I have taken note of the few words , but I would like to say a few things , but I would like to say a few things , so as to highlight the general thrust .
First of all , Mr Cox &apos; s speech has started , starting with Mr Cox &apos; s speech , on the issue of constant environmental attacks , not on the basis of housing and defence .
We can , of course , draw our attention to more detailed aspects of the programme , which will be absurd in the context of the context of the CFP , but we must simply move backwards in order to give the impression that we have specific priorities , as this morning , in order to give specific priorities to our policy .
In addition , I also believe that a government sometimes needs to be multilingual or tedious . We are trying to focus on a minimum , but it is quite simply a business .
Today , we have presented a programme for strategic planning and in recent meetings .
I am sure Parliament will appreciate that I have identified the strict priorities , but these strict priorities must be followed by detailed documents which will be extremely laudable .
But the policy is , first and foremost , the first vision and then it will be specific .
Secondly , all the Members - Mr Hänsch and many other Members - stressed that the Commission / Parliament is involved in cooperation .
Mr Hänsch even spoke of a joint proposal of our two institutions .
I do not know whether this would be helpful . Of course , we must work together to work together to reach a common decision .
However , in a joint proposal , and then , in a joint proposal , we can continue to see a joint approach to the committees , in our daily work , to carry out the analysis , analysis and difficult modification of the problems , and this is precisely what we are doing now .
We will have to act for a difficult timetable - and this is the third problem which we have been conducting this morning and by Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , Mrs Maij @-@ Weggen and many others .
We really have a difficult timetable : we are all talking about 2004 , but 2004 a year of total change in Parliament and the Commission .
If we want to see this process genuinely unified and closed , it must clearly be concluded by the end of 2003 .
I would just like to mention this as a problem , because , as you know , the European elections will be held in June of the election campaign , in June the new Commission will be appointed , which will only be appointed in January 2005 .
This is why it is a year @-@ to @-@ date change , and I believe that this Parliament is in a position to make this very important of the Union &apos; s most important political instrument .
I feel that this problem is inescapable .
This change cannot be achieved by two parliaments or in a phase , a phase where the Commission does not have any authority or , at the very least , its mandate and its end .
I am referring to this problem without a solution , but I think we need to consider that , because we have established a date - the year 2004 , which we must take into account , the year 2004 .
Mr Swoboda , Mr Hänsch , Mr Hänsch , Mr Corbett and Mr Corbett have pointed out another major point that I would like to avoid .
In principle , we are basically united on nuts and we will see whether we can manage to work well and to include civil society as promised in the debate .
In any event , this is our concern , and Parliament and the Commission must support each other .
In terms of shoddy terms , I would also like to avoid a situation in which the debate on the future of Europe is a sense of excellence .
I repeat that I would like to reiterate my comments on this and would like to make it clear : we must create a regulatory body according to the Convention which has drafted the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I repeat , the model is , moreover , different from the Convention . Moreover , it should probably be small- and medium @-@ sized .
For the time being I am talking about the model .
However , we must develop this model .
I endorse the proposal made by Mr Barnier and the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
This body must put forward proposals which do not necessarily require unanimity , because the time will come to enable us to produce so vague proposals , on which we will have to produce such self @-@ satisfaction .
We must therefore think about a different body of body that followed the same objectives .
We have to work - and we have to work - some basic principles .
Allow me to repeat them : the European Parliament must be involved , and it must be the national parliaments , national parliaments and the Commission .
This is still the nature and strength of the Union .
Of course , I have taken note of your concerns that this body should not be too great , and I share them , because the existence of these four structures will be difficult , given the existence of these four structures .
However , we must take the big task to ensure that these four structures and a sufficient number of Members have a sufficient representation of these four structures , so that the decisions have to be taken and that the decisions have not been made unanimously , so the majority of us will have to take a complaint on it .
In my opinion , it will work to work and reach proposals in the final analysis .
I would like to make a further comment .
There are two issues we are obliged to do : we want the applicant countries to participate - and this participation does not yet have a specific effect , but rather they will not be voting on a vote .
We must do this and that is why we need to think about that .
Finally , we agree that we must go further than the four issues of Nice .
So let us get on with the content , and then we can speak in favour of this : I should like to have every right , whether or not , the Council , the Council , committee or whatever .
In any event , I believe that this is the operational content which we need to pursue .
There are other concerns about the question of subsidiarity and proportionality .
I would like to assure you that this is a firm principle of our Commission , which is perfectly compatible with the fact that we should be guided by and to make more rigorous recommendations .
An interesting example cited it .
It is not a question of God &apos; s ambition to unify the tax burden for students in Europe , but we must give our young workers who move from one Member State to another .
The single European system must not be compulsory , but it is undoubtedly an instrument which makes it easier to facilitate mobility within the different Member States .
We need to realise that there are things which we are regulating and which sometimes seem depressing , but which will have to be done in order to support our decisions .
There are also many other things which are really achievable .
Finally , I very much welcome the fact that Mr Fiori and Mr Sakellariou emphasised Mediterranean policy .
This year we have little talk about this year , and I find it incomprehensible because we are right - because we are right - and rightly so .
It is , however , a fairly concrete programme for the Mediterranean , and I was in Israel and Palestine last month in Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia last month in Jordan , Syria and Lebanon .
I can assure you that there is a desire to give a call to Europe , not only because of the economic problems , but also for support for the support which we are helping the people of these countries .
However , there are two new , important demands which have been put to us all : firstly , the transition from bilateral cooperation , i.e. support for regional cooperation , which cannot be extended to the whole area , but to groups , for example , the waterways and the Maghreb .
There is a strong desire for a Europe to be aware of the fact that , in its present form , there is a great deal of faith in its current form of conflict , as a European Union - every one of the world &apos; s population , and this is a new model for the cooperation of these countries .
Secondly , the Union wants to see a partner in the peace negotiations .
Of course , the international situation will depend on whether this issue can be resolved .
I am presenting this request before the European Parliament because he has made it very clear , and it was expressly stated with the explanatory statement that we are in contact with them on a daily basis .
I am very surprised when it comes to the Mediterranean , not only because I was born there , but because I would like to remind you that peaceful , peace , war , war and cultures will probably depend on the terms of this area .
I should like to bear this in mind , even because we have already seen a course of action , as the Spanish Presidency has already mentioned - and we are talking about a summit in the Mediterranean area , which will take place next year under the Spanish Presidency .
It is therefore quite appropriate to prepare the preparatory work this year to prepare this policy .
With regard to sustainable development , I agree with what has been said here .
However , I would like to confirm that this is an extremely important area , but also extremely difficult area .
We can reassure our consciences , while sustainable development means that we must take a very complicated and difficult decision @-@ making process which affects industry , our lives and the use of energy .
This is a challenge which we must not fail to bear in mind , but it requires enormous efforts and a great sense of responsibility if we do not just want to allay our conscience , as well as the conscience of others .
I also want to see my concern of emigration , internal security and foreign policy .
Finally , I would like to appeal to the appeal which some parties have put on me and that we should not delay enlargement .
I must tell you that we do not delay it .
The Swedish Presidency has given this question a strong and laudable encouragement ; Commissioner Verheugen has given the floor in a large businessman , namely a chapter on the other .
Now , Mr President , we are now approaching the critical phase of political decisions - agriculture , the Structural Funds , which will be extremely difficult and our utmost to ask for the comprehensive process which is currently taking place , because the comprehensive process that is currently taking place .
Recently , I mentioned Kofi Annan ; the enlargement process is going to be seen by the United Nations , of all , of course , as a very important message of peace and civilisation in the world .
We must solve the specific problems in order to ensure that this message really is truly worth .
Finally , I would like to say a word on the call for one of your colleagues , Mr Goebbels .
The Commission is not only here to comment on its own opinions on these issues , but also to make sure that the request of this European Parliament is to act as a architect of the new building . Of course , you will be able to act in your cooperation and also with your cooperation .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 12 noon .
However , I would like to start with the next debate because , after the early days of night sitting , we are already at 12 midnight , and for every minute we have been grateful for every minute .
restructurings and mergers
The next item is the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on the Commission &apos; s initiatives on Community initiatives in connection with the social consequences of restructuring and mergers .
Mr President , Commissioners , this question is addressed to the Commission .
In a few months ago , our President , Mrs Fontaine , has expressed their concern about the devastating effects of certain restructuring and mergers on social cohesion .
They asked the Heads of State and Government to take the necessary measures to regulate this in a balanced way and adapt its social impact to ensure that the necessary social measures are implemented .
In this context , Mrs Fontaine has highlighted an essential problem : how can the necessary flexibility of companies and the essential security of workers be agreed in this context ?
Since Lisbon , restructuring has increased .
We are now talking about political mergers per annum .
Every day , there is a new day @-@ to @-@ day posts for workers , and it is in the sectors that we are planning to call the economy , which is the main part of the economy , or the main part of the economy .
In this respect , the Nice Summit has made very positive signs .
Under thirty years &apos; agreement on the statute of the European company on the statute of the European company , the adoption of the social agenda will demonstrate the importance of the European Council to improve the situation of the workers in the Union .
With regard to this - I would like to stress that the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs is calling on the Commission to make it clear to the Commission that this new political readiness is being prepared and its proposals .
So let us give the Commission specific commitments .
First , we want a better collection of restructuring of restructuring .
How do you intend to use the new European Monitoring Centre for Employment , for example , which is working within the Dublin Foundation and which has been very dear to this House ?
We want the existing social directives to be assessed on the basis of their application , as well as the new ones , by restructuring them .
We are still asking for the necessary changes to be made in order to ensure that the necessary changes are made in order to ensure that the rights of workers in consultation and information be carried out more consistently , in order to ensure that measures are made against the protection of tobacco products and the information provided by both sides of industry as quickly as possible .
We welcome the fact that the Commission is already proposing the review of the current directive on European Works Councils , which propose that this review of the current directive on the European Works Councils has been included in a number of years , which is now the time ahead .
We are also asking you to review the directive on collective redundancies , with the aim of assessing the necessary measures to prevent the protection of the workers .
We continue to accept - and as we know , Mrs Diamantopoulou is not totally opposed to this idea , and I am sure that the &apos; complete &apos; complete &apos; complete &apos; approach is to be taken into account in the Commission in order to take account of the social aspects of the Commission .
Would it not be normal if a company in Brussels were to vote on a merger that the Commission will then ensure that the minimum requirements set in Community law are respected in Community law and consultation .
These are our demands , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioners , and are they themselves in favour of the position of workers , and are they going to be economically valuable , because how is it supposed to be a knowledge @-@ based economy without any involvement of workers ?
The vote on this oral question was unanimously adopted in my committee , which was unanimously adopted by the present draft resolution .
I have to add that the Liberal Group has tabled another proposal .
As we have the same view as our Liberal friends , who voted for the first resolution , and particularly for the Commission &apos; s question , we say that we have made a misunderstanding in our Liberal friends .
It should be a conflict that we are going to be regulating . We shall be regulating this , as we have done so far in complete cooperation with the Liberals .
Commissioners , we await your replies .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Europe must bring about the need for economic restructuring and social consequences by investing innovation and social cohesion by investing in changes .
Our positive and proactive reaction to change relates to three important areas : improve our capacity , change in Dublin ; the monitoring of legal mechanisms for workers in the event of restructuring , and generally promoting the social fabric of workers , and the development of the social components of companies , and the development of social insurance companies .
The establishment of a monitoring centre for industrial change is one of the actions adopted at the Nice Summit to develop the social agenda adopted at the Nice Summit .
I am extremely interested in this matter in view of mergers and takeovers .
The Dublin Foundation has incorporated this initiative into its own four @-@ year programme .
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation , the work programme for the 2001 budget provides for the purpose of education for the centre of the European Observatory .
In this way , the basis for the further development of the Monitoring Centre is being created in 2002 , provided that additional funds are made .
The directives from the 1970s on collective redundancies and the transition to companies have been drafted against the background of full employment and slow change .
The situation in the world of business has changed radically .
The provisions of these directives therefore do not , therefore , meet with the requirements of employees and employers .
Today , there is the emphasis on the promotion of flexibility , the growth of employability , employability and adaptability .
We can only overcome the weaknesses in the current rules and make the national systems more effective if we are to carry out a rapid and ambitious political policy and make a rapid contribution to the long @-@ term economic and strategic issues in each company .
That is the objective of the proposal presented by the Commission on information and hearing .
Once again , this general framework has been implemented and it has been implemented properly , and the precise arrangements for collective redundancies and the transition to companies , because it would be possible to prevent crises from happening in many cases .
If they were not to be able to avoid it , then those who normally remained on the wayside would not be able to keep them back in time and would be able to adapt to the changes in their employment situation .
I know that you very much support this approach and the Commission welcomes the fact that progress has been made in this sensitive area .
With your support and the political will of the Council , we should be able to put forward the proposal before the end of the year , and that would be a decisive step forward .
I also share your view that the directive on European Works Councils must be updated or later .
However , an evaluation of the practical implementation of the directive could be extremely useful .
However , we have had a number of accompanying measures which are also very close to us .
Firstly , the dossier on information and hearing must be ready .
At the end of last year , an important document was adopted and a long time ago , namely the statute of the European company .
This is therefore worth noting because it is clear that a large number of industrial companies in Europe will be able to decide for these new types of transport , especially if they are to be involved and to employ themselves to new economic and market conditions .
One of the great characteristics of this Statute is the fact that there is far @-@ reaching rules on the participation of workers which , as well as in the proposal , correspond to the date of information and hearing at national level .
This will certainly help to strengthen the social dimension in Europe &apos; s economy .
The adoption of documents to the European company has paved the way for five further legislative proposals , and these are three main elements for cooperatives , vanilla and associations , and the draft directive on supranational mergers and the transfer of one country .
All these instruments require the same sort of provisions for European directors .
This is another reason why we should still wait for the revision of the directive on European Works Councils , which , moreover , can only benefit from the debates on these other dossiers .
These debates will undoubtedly help us to find solutions which will enable us to discuss the debate as soon as we are to deal with this task .
I know that the House will be faced with informing and consulting employees in relation to mergers and acquisitions .
As you know from interventions in the past , we are in the Commission discussing how to tackle these concerns .
Following the merger regulation , workers and workers &apos; representatives in some cases now have the right to consultation by the Commission services , considering whether the merger is compatible with the provisions of the EC Treaty .
We have before us to be more systematic .
In addition , we could remind firms of their responsibilities and obligations regarding the consultation and information of workers who are often affected by these measures .
Since social cohesion is now one of the main priorities in Europe , the responsibility is no longer correct to public accessibility .
From the private sector , it is expected that , like any other part of society , they will make its contribution .
In this way , the promotion of social responsibility is now an essential element of the European strategy for social cohesion .
In the same way , a company will be responsible for a company if it is to be sidelined and economically profitable and in its social responsibility .
In response to the Lisbon Summit , the Commission has approached the social responsibility of businesses in June 2000 , and it stresses how important it is to achieve the social and economic consequences of economic and economic cohesion and to ensure that the requirements of the new economy are respected and adapted to workers &apos; requirements .
It has announced a communication , with the initiatives relating to the social responsibility of undertakings and dealing with change .
Furthermore , the Commission intends to present a Green Paper to develop a framework for the social responsibility of businesses at European level this year .
I would like to conclude by saying that , by means of the cooperation which I have mentioned , it is only through the cooperation of the various measures I mentioned and the contribution of public authorities , private organisations , businesses , workers and employees , at all levels , to the social consequences of industrial change and the environment .
Each of these measures is important and each individual should require a clear and progressive approach by the decision makers .
I know that you share this position and thank you for your support .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to inform you that pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure , I have received a motion for a resolution by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
Mr President , this is not exactly the time for this debate .
I am very satisfied with the Commissioner &apos; s reply .
In my opinion , it contains a certain state of competition , especially when it comes to achieving a certain degree of competition .
When there is any restructuring about the issue of whether our institutional structure is suitable in such cases .
That is also understandable .
The EU Treaty , specifically Article 136 of the European Union , also highlights this task .
There is also a certain amount of balance : on one side , companies should have the free freedom of enterprise which will guarantee their commercial growth and thus contribute to the problem of structural unemployment in Europe .
On the other hand , there is a moral obligation to listen to workers .
In this connection , I would like to mention the example of example in Germany .
If this type of situation is met , it will be possible to resolve a situation in which the problem is much more rapid than if it is not the case .
If there is a lack of restructuring in the restructuring of restructuring which is taking place in other European countries today , there are clear differences between them in other European countries .
This is why it is essential that this issue should be set up as quickly as possible , preferably under the Presidency @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council .
That is what we want to achieve with the present question .
With regard to the motion for a resolution , Mr Rocard quite rightly pointed out that he was tabled on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
However , there are still some changes to be made to emphasise how necessary it is to adopt , as far as the strategy is concerned .
Although this is not covered by the resolution , it is implicitly included , but not the way it would have been formulated .
We are therefore voting in favour of the resolution which , of course , can be debated until Thursday .
Mr President , the Members of Parliament do not want to use the restructuring of any kind of restructuring , but that is to say that it is in a socially diverse manner .
We are trying to see a more general approach to economic restructuring and the change to change .
We are in the process of drawing up a social responsibility but which can only be considered if we have a situation in which we have a progress and complete legal framework in this area .
We have a real partnership and the advantages for the European Union .
But the recent series of success in the UK and throughout the European Union shows that we are still far removed from this .
Frankly , workers in North Africa and in Wales , in Wales , and the workers in Wales , and the workers in Wales , are the idea of a social responsibility , as I have already said , in France and Holland .
The promise of a Green Paper is to submit a Green Paper on the despair of these workers , their families and entire communities .
We are calling for a revision of the legislation on collective redundancies and the transition to the European Works Councils and the directive on European Works Councils to ensure that the directives are respected and not systematically undermined .
Furthermore , we are at the highest possible adoption of the general framework for consultation and informing employees .
This is the only way to achieve information and consultation in the electoral roll and will create a genuine partnership , a partnership which can contribute to improving innovation , competitiveness and productivity .
We want a real partnership .
We are sorry that a directive should be placed on the other , according to the pretext that the directive on European Works Councils can only be reconsidered when more practical experience is available and the Statute of the European negotiators .
Yes , research must be built , but we must now approve this package and find the provision of employees &apos; information and hearing .
We believe that we could have an update of the framework directive on industrial change in this form , together with the new Monitoring Centre for industrial change in the European Union .
I would like to appeal to the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
The House has asked us in January to examine the issue of restructuring in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
We have done this .
We have asked a oral question and in the spirit of cooperation .
I would like to ask the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , in precisely this spirit of cooperation , to withdraw its very short motion for a resolution .
That would be helpful .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , do you not have the impression that this Parliament is suffering in too gargantuan terms ?
We have held the same debate almost over a year ago on 17 February .
I do not think that this is all very worrying , even on 27 October 1999 and the list will continue to continue .
What needs Europe ?
In Lisbon , it was agreed that the Union should be agreed on the world &apos; s economy on the world most competitive area , and Parliament has supported this objective by an overwhelming majority .
On Thursday , we are holding a debate on the implementation of the European research area and the necessary investments in research , technological development , innovation and education .
After all , more than ever , the optimum competitiveness of companies , because if a operate is not competitive , this is the loss of jobs .
In this respect , it is difficult to overlook the fact that companies and sometimes painful , sometimes painful measures need to take place , as well as the workers &apos; dismissal , and at the very least workers &apos; workers .
Naturally , the rights of workers in the different EU directives must be respected .
You will understand that the ELDR Group does not agree with Mr Rocard &apos; s question and not just the present resolution of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , because it demonstrates once again that the European Parliament has once again reminded us of a very selective memory .
Indeed , the joint resolution refers only to the social agenda of Nice , but in Lisbon .
We shall therefore submit some amendments in the spirit of the Lisbon objectives .
In fact , an e @-@ mail does not give rise to a direct response to Mr Rocard &apos; s view , but this is mistaken .
However , we will withdraw our motion for a resolution .
Mr President , in view of the recent examples of restructuring , we have unfortunately not had the right to choose the debate on this issue .
As has already been mentioned , the Belgian @-@ Dutch companies have a prime example of a huge example of a company which is based on its decisions only in terms of profit and no thought of the disastrous social effects of its actions .
A total of 6 000 jobs in the UK has been announced in the UK , almost 3 000 , on my competitors in Wales .
Despite shoddy speculation on the electoral factory , companies were not prepared to inform the government before the official election period on 1 February , and let them be informed of its employees .
There was no prior hearing for workers , even though the company announced a so @-@ called &apos; hearing &apos; .
According to the premise , the Danone Group will be able to reduce the amount of thousands of jobs in Europe .
This too has not been the case here too , either in the case of monetary policy .
For this reason , in view of the adoption of the directive on informing and consulting employees , and the revision of the directive on European Works Council councils and the directive on redundancies , there is very little protection in my constituencies .
We must not allow companies to work with the lives of people and communities .
There is a definitive framework of control measures and sanctions which we can use .
We must ensure that they are applied .
Mr President , in view of the occupation and restructuring of industry , which lead to reducing thousands of jobs , many workers and citizens of Europe believe that many workers and citizens of Europe are in favour of the matter of free competition .
It is high time that the workers should pay for workers .
There is a contradiction between the Council and the Commission on an entrenched basis of employment and the lack of redundancies in large companies , at the same time at the same time .
Michelin , Sylhet , Danone , flight equipment are no companies who are bad .
They are competitive , because they are more than sufficient profits , but thousands of people are operating .
The case is just as follows : 3 000 tonnes of radiation in Europe , 1 000 in France .
In the year 2000 , European works in this society have been set up by EUR 429 million , 17 % more than 1999 .
These are increasingly mobile mergers , women and men in unemployment and there are many families in distress and despair .
The citizenship that we are making in this society is a mere bit of time when the workers are involved , as long as workers are involved in decisions which depend on their future and their own country .
How can it be possible for companies to obtain the commitments made in favour of the public service which have been given to the commitments that have been made ?
This aid ought to be car manufacturers , which must be freed to the world , which must pay for the social implications of decisions to the detriment of employment .
I do not think that the problem cannot be restricted to employability and adaptability , as the Commissioner has done .
I have therefore supported the proposals put forward in the resolution and support the amendments to clarify and reinforce certain aspects .
Another step is needed to meet the democratic requirements of employees and citizens .
I believe that the extension of the right to the suspension of the rights required to postpone the right of residence should be lowered to the end of the process .
Each company must cover clauses .
Similarly , penalties must be imposed on the failure to comply with these directives .
In a time when a great deal of the European identity and the appropriateness of their development are concerned , I feel that a text which refers to certain rights of workers to the financial interests of the Union would be a very simple one .
I shall therefore vote in favour of the motion for a resolution which , as I hope , will be added .
I have received a motion for a resolution pursuant to Rule 42 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
As it is time for voting time , the debate will be suspended at 3 p.m. .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
Vote
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0021 / 2001 ) by Mr Dover , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the effects of a few provisions on the implementation of certain provisions of Directive 94 / 33 / EC on young people ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ Financial / 2000 ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ Financial / 2002 ( COS ) )
Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) by Mr Zimeray , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request to remove the immunity of Mr José Ribeiro e Castro ( CIP )
( Parliament adopted the decision )
Recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - on the issue of the European Parliament and the Council on the interoperability of the conventional trans @-@ European rail system ( rapporteur ) - the European Parliament and the Council - Mr Savary )
( The President declared the common position approved )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a European Parliament and the Council directive to establish rules and harmonised rules on the prevention of operations ( COM ( COM ) - 2000 / 2000 - 2000 / 2000 - 2000 / 365 ( COD ) &#93;
Before the vote on Amendment No 824 ( PSE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I propose an oral amendment to this amendment to replace the words &apos; professional qualifications &apos; .
President .
Are there any comments ?
MacCormick ( Verts / ALE ) .
Mr President , the interpreters have translated the oral amendment to the oral amendment .
However , the voting list is &quot; rationalised &quot; .
&quot; knowledge &quot; is the right word .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 ) by Mr Bakopoulos , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the report .
Recommendation for a European Parliament and Council regulation on maritime safety and the prevention of waste management by ships ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ Money / 2000 - 2000 / 2000 - 2000 / 2046 ( COD ) &#93;
Next , the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive amending the directive on maritime safety and preventing pollution by ships ( COM ( 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 2046 ( COD ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation on the Irish Sea ( C5 @-@ 0042 / 2000 ) by the year 2001 , for the year 2001 ( COM ( 2000 / 2000 ) - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 ( CNS ( CNS ) )
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE- Report ( A5 @-@ 0029 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) In order to justify European aid , the rapporteur refers to the difficult economic situation in Cambodia and , as well as the implementation of mine action programmes in the region , it will be very hard to avoid these two points of responsibility , but also to tackle the serious responsibility of brominated powers , including France and the United States .
If we were talking about a simple , united front of the European Union as a segregation and destruction in these two countries , we would , of course , support our approval .
This is why we abstained from these reports .
Dover Report ( A5 @-@ 0107 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) The United Kingdom has made a derogation to the implementation of the regulation on the poor working hours and night work of young people .
The Commission and the report propose to end this derogation .
We could have been pleased to see that the United Kingdom is now applying the rules of the world to protect young people more effectively .
But in reality there is a total agreement between Conservatives and Labour , Liberal and Social Democrats at the end of this transitional period , according to the fact that , according to the report itself , the possibility of making the necessary flexibility is sufficient to guarantee the flexibility required and that this does not harm the employment opportunities for young people .
This proves that this regulation will not only be evaded by the European institutions but that their use of young people is not protected .
We have therefore voted against this report .
- ( FR ) Unfortunately , the situation of young people in the UK is hardly improved by adopting this resolution .
Because because the scandal of British derogation is removed from the UK ( the United Kingdom ) to reduce the work of children and young people , the requirements of young people and young people do not receive the needs of young workers .
On the contrary , this debate would have to be justified in order to remove all the derogations that have been made in order to remove all the derogations that they make .
It is not in any way justified that the young , or even 13 years &apos; time , is the job of 14 years ( paragraph 4 ) for their school commitments ( Article 8 ( 1 ) or during the holidays ( Article 8 ) .
Nor are there any legal justification for derogation , according to which young people below 18 % per week , in the age of 18 per week , could work more than 8 per day , or even night ( Article 9 ) .
It is not justified by saying that foreign nationals or work in a family form are not covered in a family form ( Article 2 ) .
It is not possible to condemn child labour in Asia or Africa if we do not protect our young people from economic exploitation and work , which is damaging to the health , safety and development , and that they are not recognised and that they are not recognised .
- I wholeheartedly support Mr Dover &apos; s report which serves to improve the working conditions of young people in Britain .
The report aims to ensure that the United Kingdom is complying with the provisions of a directive 1994 , which , for eight hours , prohibit the number of young people per day and 40 hours per week , despite certain conditions and certain types of employment .
Employment and especially the employment of young people are of paramount importance both for our young people and our economy .
We cannot do anything about the employment prospects of young people in Britain .
Sometimes , young people are forced to use their young workers , but they do not have any reason to work longer .
There are some time and difficult conditions for working conditions , which are damaging to the health and productivity of our young people .
It is therefore essential to monitor working hours and prevent employers from being prevented in the exploitation of young people .
It is harmful and irresponsible .
We must prevent them and our young people against the exploitation and destruction of their young people and protect employers under pressure under pressure .
There are already legislation to reduce working hours for young people .
We must only ensure that they are observed .
In this respect , the sensible measures which the Commission has proposed should contribute .
I do not think it is a ironic that whoever is constantly opposed to the interference of Brussels bureaucrats and that system refused to support this report on social policy .
Once again , this makes a clear sense of attitude towards Europe .
The Labour Government wants to create jobs for young people and for measures to protect themselves .
I strongly urge the House to support the protection of young people in Britain and to vote in favour of this report .
Savary report ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for this report on the promotion of railway infrastructures in Europe , because a European railway system is an important goal for the Union .
Before coming to Strasbourg , I would like to vote in favour of the Committee on Budgets , to vote in favour of this report by Mr Hatzidakis , and you said that we would like to travel with the train by Europe and we would like to travel to the train by Europe .
We are therefore anxious to see what we are saying , namely restaurants and television .
The Union can and must give us this .
Mr Hatzidakis will make it possible . &quot;
Mr President , in view of the accession of the Central and Eastern European countries , the rail transport network is becoming increasingly important for cross @-@ border rail transport , which is why it is necessary to combine the national networks to one European network .
An important step towards a trans @-@ European rail system is to focus on the differences in the discrepancies between the various railway companies .
Another important step is that we have a further important step towards setting up administrative systems in the less favoured regions or remote regions .
The development of infrastructure will also have the opportunity to take part in the internal market and to benefit from them .
( FR ) I welcome the tripartite Savary report on the interoperability of the railway system , which has been adopted by the Council without amendments , because this common position contains 33 amendments of 46 amendments from first reading .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that the future of the railways is essential to the development of the railways .
As has already been pointed out , the creation of investments that have been undertaken within the Union are still dependent on cross @-@ border investments .
Clearly , it is clear that , despite the many advantages of this environmental industry , it is a huge obstacle to the development of rail transport in Europe .
At the same time , the completion of the internal market has led to a significant increase in the volume of traffic in the European Union , but , in particular , road safety has been overtaken by road safety .
There are many causes of the downfall of rail decline , among others , for example , that these are emerging .
There is no single market at Community level on railway services .
What is more , the railway networks are not always fully involved in the new forms of economic activity and the demographic exploitation of the networks and also the change of the change in the electoral process .
In addition to this , the future of the railways is essential to the future of the railways .
If I have taken this note , then I am convinced that the railways will play a central role in resolving the problems of the European Union .
The people of Europe suffer daily pollution , traffic traffic and traffic congestion , resulting from the excessive dependence on road transport which has ever been increasing over the last 30 years .
The aim of sustainable mobility is therefore closely linked to the railways .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament has been able to adopt amendments which are more important in terms of better integration , such as professional qualifications and conditions for labour and safety .
The Council has also taken account of certain sensitive points , including the protection of the existing railway systems , and the adoption of a derogation or the definition of special observation in relation to the situations of the Member States , or in relation to the differences in the transport sector , or the differences in the gauge .
The Council &apos; s common position is also realistic because it contains a sound work programme and takes account of the problems resulting from enlargement in the railway sector .
For all these reasons , I voted for the Savary report .
- ( FR ) We have voted in favour of this report because the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail systems must be promoted .
At present , it has been possible to achieve its growth in terms of water .
At the same time , we need to transfer more freight to the railways to travel to the roads .
However , behind the rapporteur &apos; s commendable objectives regarding the revitalisation of the railways , the spectre of liberalisation is the spectre of liberalisation , because the report also aims to contribute to the opening up of transport and telecommunications systems as a whole and to support the competitiveness of the railways overall .
On this point we have strong reservations because we reject liberalisation in principle .
- ( FR ) It is true that if we want to reconcile road transport , we need to harmonise railway infrastructures within Europe markets .
On this point I can only agree with the rapporteur .
In addition , I think that the inclusion of social standards , professional qualifications and conditions for security and safety in the workplace are self @-@ evident in the process of creating a trans @-@ European rail system .
In my opinion , however , we must ensure that harmonisation is based on the advanced social achievements and not the detriment of the users and the employees of the industry .
There is , however , a dangerous uncertainty : what is the basis for the interoperability of the railway networks ?
Under the framework of public service services , a guarantee of public service and safety or , in the interests of competition , and competition ?
The recent adoption of the three directives of the Rail Package by Parliament and the Council raises the future of the trans @-@ European rail networks in this second perspective .
Van Dam report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , what has I actually attempted to vote in favour of the van Dam report on the strict capacities and unloading operations ?
That was the case in my case .
I say &apos; irreparable &apos; because , as you are not aware , I should have been able to have a situation where I should have been involved , and perhaps I would like to see it at sea .
My fellow member , Mr Fatuzzo Campos , who I did not have was able to see , but I have been able to see : &quot; waiting for you , I have been waiting for the sea for years at sea .
I have , of course , read this report on whose basis , but I must read you , Mr Fatuzzo , in your capacity as Member of the Member States that , in my capacity as a Member , the vessels in my opinion are too old .
Similarly , the old and no more non @-@ smoker should be able to be able to be able to secure maritime transport . &quot;
I do not really know whether I should like to thank the honourable Member or Mr Fatuzzo .
- ( FR ) At the last time , there are still other ships in a terrible state of oil slick in the past .
This may perhaps have less dramatic consequences than ever , but the tragic disaster is tragic when it comes to the fact that the last ten years were lost over the last ten years , and that sank .
By voting in favour of the report , we voted for the specific measures to strengthen security and safety requirements .
However , we would like to emphasise the contradiction between the concerns expressed by the concerns expressed in the report , and the risks raised in the report relating to European ports .
If we try to protect the profits of people and those who are protected , inevitably safety on the ground remains .
It is a good thing that the captain would be allowed to put an end to housing or recover that he considers to be dangerous to the occupation or the ship .
However , it would be nice to deny that the cost of competition and profit @-@ making laws , including the labour market , will mean that , in the light of the labour market , it is not only a question of using the means to combat the child soldier system in order to impose dangerous or sometimes lethal working conditions on the stock market .
In ten years &apos; time , nearly 150 years have lost nearly 150 000 deaths .
This is the disastrous record of one of the systems of competition and the laws of the market .
Like the rapporteur , I also believe that the physical situation and lack of training of flight safeguards are the main reason for these catastrophes .
It must therefore be damaged by the control of ships and flight flight and flight periods and their working conditions .
I therefore support all the binding measures that have been taken to strengthen safety standards , environmental protection and the responsibility of ports and the parties .
However , the human resources and financial conditions must be created in order to introduce legislation in the Member States , particularly by increasing the number of administrative provisions .
Furthermore , the fight against the proceeds of the marine fleet and impunity must be brought to the fore in the sea , allowing the users and the charterer to take greater responsibility for legal and financial penalties .
I shall vote in favour of all proposals that go along with this .
Bakopoulos report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) I have no doubt that , in connection with the issue of safety at sea , we could also vote in favour of Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report on the establishment of the Committee on maritime transport and the prevention of pollution by ships .
This time , by e @-@ mail , I have taken over one of my ultra @-@ year shops , when I was speaking in the old age of 21 years , that is to say my political work as a terrorist attack between New York and the back I spoke a moment ago .
I said that this man centres on terrorist games , which are now culpable , so you say : &apos; You are dealing with the European Parliament with safety safety and prevention of marine pollution ?
It is good , but you are responding to the safety of us ? &apos;
Certainly &quot; , but &quot; replied , &quot; replied .
All of them will be just patience , they will also be reports which are on the table .
- ( FR ) The rapporteur &apos; s proposal to establish a &quot; Committee on maritime transport and the prevention of waste pollution &quot; is another step in the direction of a re @-@ nationalisation of Community policy on sea safety , but also new opportunities for improving the application of Community policy on sea and international level .
However , the recent accidents of the Erika and the death scandal have taught us that the best resolutions can do nothing if we do not establish the requirements for their application and enforcement .
Member States must therefore be forced into order to apply existing legislation , particularly those in the prevention of pollution , control of both marine and professional staff and working conditions .
These are improvements in terms of the number and quality of the number of people and the number of people , but also the greater financial responsibility responsible for all operators , i.e. users , hauliers and classification societies .
I have voted in favour of this report in order to secure the impunity in maritime transport and negligence .
Nicholson Report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would not like to speak on the subject of &apos; underground &apos; , i.e. cod , in order to speak .
At this time , I leave to the interpreters some time , such important and unambiguous explanatory statement in other languages .
Today is 13 February and tomorrow is St. Valentine &apos; s day .
We have to pay tribute to the European Parliament &apos; s ability to take advantage of the right time to take advantage of the day after the Irish Sea , and in the wake of the Minutes of tomorrow &apos; s sitting , the St. Valentine &apos; s Day , until 30 April , to facilitate the regeneration of this validation .
With regard to the appreciation of the fish , the European Parliament , in particular , has done a good job .
A drop in the Holy pot and the uninformed !
And on the quiet !
That concludes the vote .
( The sitting was suspended at 1.25 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
restructurings and mergers in industry ( continuation )
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the Commission &apos; s initiatives on the social effects of restructuring and mergers .
Mr President , Mr Representative of the Commission , Mr Solana , is a great step towards the way in which the European Charter of Fundamental Rights has been done , and I understand that this has been echoed by Mr Méndez de Vigo , who was the President of the Spanish Government , José María Aznar , respected , respected representatives in the Convention on framing the Charter .
I believe that you like Europeans .
The creation of a social Europe in this long process seems to me to be the major challenge and the great opportunity that should not be lost .
However , this structure will be carried out at a specific time , under the economic , social and political spheres .
The Lisbon Summit agreed the liberalisation of the markets for telecommunications , gas , electricity and transport .
We are in a process of universal globalisation and the market in the labour market and the labour market .
And that is what we are asking for .
Both Nice and the social agenda also underline the need to ensure that workers are involved in the management of management and the social security and improvement of economic growth and the effects of economic growth in the social field .
We must therefore not forget about the importance of globalisation in certain regions and areas , for example , where I come from , for example , where I come from , where I come from the only one or the main risk of globalisation and where the risk of globalisation without guarantees and cause for profit .
Secondly , economic competitiveness and a healthy society must not fall in secret , but must be demilitarised .
Thirdly , industrial restructuring in the broadest sense of the word , which is perhaps acceptable , is acceptable to the social consequences of this restructuring , and we must prevent the social consequences of this restructuring , because the economic policies and economic policies must have a high level of employment .
And fourthly and finally , national Community aid , housing and regional aid , should be linked to the long @-@ term creation of employment and local or regional development .
These four points are only to take account of some of the considerations or considerations of concern , the Commission and the Council on industrial restructuring .
It is , of course , linked to the participation of the people &apos; s federations , of workers &apos; representatives .
Globalisation , Mr President , is a reduction in economic differences .
We must ensure that these social differences are not increased .
Mr President , Commissioner , the distribution of industrial behaviour is not the same as those who do not have the slightest restructuring of the industry to concentration @-@ based behaviour .
There has been a great deal of time about technological backwardness and has never studied the social consequences .
Are we about how much they have done to the people of the people and regions ?
How do they have the price of those who really manage them ?
How much longer and what extent do they achieve for the long @-@ term long @-@ term unemployed ?
How do it and what extent do they involve the real European Union &apos; s real environmental policy between the cloth and the past ?
The Lisbon decisions should be drawn up on these points by the priorities set in terms of employment , sustainability of social protection and the fight against social protection and the fight against social change .
We do not know how much they can contribute to the cost of social security , and we do not know how many other people will depend on the defence dimension .
Who is paying the end to social restructuring ?
The market or employees ?
It cannot be possible for fair and balanced change .
The social partners say that they do not have a document , even a document on the implementation of the guiding principle of European society in relation to information and consultation .
Commissioner , we have already heard that the market does not suit the market and that political action must take place , institutional measures and social dialogue .
Social insecurity and increasing crime are being created in society by means of the traditional sectors and the so @-@ called new economy .
The Portuguese , French and the Swedish Presidency now have the face of the expectations facing it so far .
However , their implementation is not evident in the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 .
Mr President , no reason justifies the fact that large companies of mergers or restructuring have a part of their employees on road mergers , while a small proportion of their profit requires a small proportion of their profit .
The total restriction , the Danone , student , Popular and the passion of the workers who condemn unemployment , and congratulate them on the part of their workers , and also for the regions who are working on a massive scale , illustrates the most subtle nature of these companies .
We are opposed to the political warmth of the European Parliament and elsewhere .
It simply shows that they do not represent the interests of society , but only those who organise the economy dominant by industrial and local owners or their owners .
But we are also opposed to those who engage in the social consequences of this restructuring , but not the slightest binding measure to prevent it .
In order to ban any large @-@ scale large @-@ scale large large @-@ scale businesses , there is nothing less talk about .
We support the employees of these companies who fight against them against them , our full solidarity .
You have in this economy , in which only the law of the jungle is the only right way .
Mr President , Mrs Plooij @-@ Van Gorsel here in this House have her surprise and concern about the fact that we are often dealing with this issue in our Parliament and asked why we are continuing to do so .
Community legislation is inadequate and they are not being applied in many cases , either in many cases .
We could , as some Members have done , a long list of cases that have been dealt with in the last few years on this subject , which we have seen in the past few years .
In Lisbon , the European Council has set the objective to promote an increase in employment levels .
How can the objective of a competitive Europe be achieved with greater and better jobs ?
Admittedly , better coordination and balance between various policy areas of the Union , but there is no doubt that the relevant Community legislation must be more effective and more effective .
We cannot therefore wait for any longer - and in this respect , the Commission must have its responsibility - that a review of the directives on setting up a European company company , on collective redundancies or the transition to companies , will be carried out without necessarily imposing effective sanctions for the case of their failure to comply with them .
The European Parliament cannot tolerate such a position .
Mr President , on 2 February , Amendment No 2 seemed to be avoided with the fluid turnover of the population of the bad market in the environment .
It was then read : &quot; incitement in the conference &quot; .
The barbed &amp; tape in the sub @-@ Saharan - a shame that I could not be able to tell you : on the front of the press , it was quite clear that it was a foolish picture of Wales from Wales and in the middle of a deception that has risen once the profits increase the profits .
We are going to hear news every day .
In this way , the fundamental question is : what is the fact : what is the case today ?
Are companies only to gain profits or see their duty within a framework of an area ?
In the Netherlands , the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has recently expressed two important observations : once on the subject of the word &apos; re @-@ establishing &apos; &#91; &apos; restrained &apos; and turned into businesses , and participation in businesses .
The economic and monetary policy makes it absolutely clear that , in general terms , a company in general has a more general role to play as a whole , and therefore expressly not in order to increase the return for the disabled , the increase in the return for shareholders , which appears to be the return for the disabled .
In the discussion at European level , I do not see this much more wide @-@ ranging approach and this debate .
The European Parliament will raise this issue again today , but this issue should also be integrated into other EU policies .
In my opinion , there is a lack of coherence and coherence here .
I have two examples .
With regard to the tobacco market , it is quite clear from the point of view of the shareholders .
This has shown , for example , the debate on the 13 directive on copyright legislation , which Mr Bolkestein has clearly rejected the European Parliament &apos; s amendments .
Another example is the competition policy .
Commissioner Monti made it very clear in our Committee on Employment and Social Affairs that he does not wish to treat mergers exclusively from the point of view of the markets and consumers and not to the basis of such a broader vision .
A Green Paper on legal proceedings , as was announced this morning , is not enough .
On the contrary , the Commission should ensure that a more integrated approach is developed , which will also affect the various policy areas .
The newspapers may be allowed to subordinate some speculations , but not politicians and political decision makers .
Mr President , as the honourable Members have said , some directives have been adopted in times of full employment and the changes have been made very slowly .
So we need incentives and changes to certain issues of the institutional framework .
But the Commission &apos; s efforts to establish a balance between competitiveness and social cohesion should also be recognised .
Sometimes , mergers , mergers or takeovers .
Only recently , we have had to see how to have more than 5 000 jobs in a month .
However , if we look at the whole range of transport , i.e. the environment in which European companies are working , we must also bear in mind the negative consequences without reorganisation and restructuring if European companies are not active .
We must continue to see how many jobs will be preserved , because if there is no restructuring , there is a danger that certain industries in the future could completely disappear .
In this extremely difficult environment , our efforts , social cohesion and competitiveness are linked to four aspects , of which we are talking about .
The first is the calculating .
The presentation of this morning &apos; s intervention was that we are trying to hear the Dublin Foundation with the Dublin Foundation .
The second point is the legislative and institutional framework .
This year , the legislative framework of the European company , as well as the five subsequent directives that have been drawn up for this status , have also been included in the Council &apos; s scope for discussions between Parliament and the Commission after years of discussions between Parliament and the Commission after years of discussions between Parliament and the Commission .
We are convinced that the commitment of the Swedish Presidency and then the Belgian Presidency will make significant progress in the legislative framework .
On this point , however , it is important to say that the legislation alone is not enough and therefore has a great effort to strengthen controls .
In cooperation with Commissioner Monti , we are trying to examine the strict application of the workforce in all mergers and acquisitions , the strict application of the workforce .
The institutional framework has also been established in this institutional framework , whose key key issues also have a Commission &apos; s key role , together with the social dialogue and restructuring of mergers and restructuring .
The third point is the specific policies .
The employment strategy and the financing costs by the Social Fund can help the problem of collective redundancies at national level with the help of workers , with special structures in the labour market , with special structures in the labour market .
Lastly , the fourth point is the role of companies with social responsibility and is one of the new fundamental elements of the social agenda .
We are calling for labour mobility to be created in a new environment , teaching , training and home mobility , but we cannot demand just the workers for workers .
Therefore , in this new environment , companies will also play a new role and we try to determine the social responsibility of companies .
This is a responsibility for restructuring , but also their responsibility in the environment and in society where they are working and a second step will be institutional .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon .
copyright in the information society
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive deals with copyright and neighbouring rights in the information society .
This is an important , difficult directive .
Today , Parliament has asked us to adopt the position adopted by the Council , which , as you will recall , 18 months after the adoption at first reading .
This is why the difficult and delicate compromise has been reached between all the directive &apos; s interests .
I am referring to this compromise as a step forward because many of the amendments proposed by Parliament at first reading have been proposed .
However , there are some aspects which I have tried to make with the report .
Despite the adoption of certain compromise changes in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , there are still differences of opinion on the technical duplication , the so @-@ called beauty aside , and private confidentiality .
Many amendments have been tabled on this point , which I disagree with .
The reason why the compromise adopted in committee for private accounts is therefore an important innovation for the support of the ship , which means that these rigour merely - I quote - &quot; by means of a natural person who is responsible for private use , or &quot; indirect commercial training &quot; , is that they should be free to compensate for a fair balance .
This amendment seeks to introduce a new principle in Community legislation , according to which the concept of private confidentiality is limited to the benefit of the fish , and the legitimate interests of consumers .
The amendment adopted by the committee refers to trade rates , such as elephants , and the Napster , which cannot be used , and cannot be spent on the exchange of competent works between users and users .
I believe that this is a step forward towards the text of the common position .
As far as the other aspect , i.e. technical rigour , the issue of technical rigour , the common position represents more than sufficient , I believe that it is sufficient to protect both the transport and consumers .
All of this question - Article 5 ( 1 ) , tabled by Article 5 , could not be taken into account , despite the intention to strengthen the protection of copyright , also because they relate to the environmental protection directive and not to cover this directive .
In addition , these amendments seek to introduce a system of temporary protection for works on the Internet , i.e. authorisation for the Internet , which would seriously weaken the implementation of the networks .
All in all , we voted in favour of the vote in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , that it is possible to reach a broad consensus and to improve the common position in order to prevent the risk of a long and deeper conciliation procedure , and that is to say that the debate , the dispute and discussion , will , after three years , be attained .
This is an opportunity for the European Parliament to be able to support this , if the agreement reached in the Legal Affairs Committee tomorrow and the result of a broad compromise between several groups , will finally be adopted in this directive .
This will not only be the case for the European Union , which has long been waiting for legislation for this sector , but also , and above all , for the benefit of it .
In fact , the directive will only be able to decide not only on a number of controversial exceptions , but in particular the provision of Article 2 , but in particular the provision of Article 2 , which is in principle responsible for the use of works in the new digital sector .
For all these reasons , I hope we will finally adopt the text of the directive tomorrow .
Mr President , before the start of my speech , I have to explain to you a great deal of interest in this matter .
First of all , I am being treated as the author of some books and who are intellectual property rights , and I am a member of the Internet Foundation which took several seats in this Parliament .
This day is an important event with regard to copyright in the information society , namely the accumulation of the Court of San encephalopathy , which brings us closer to the most serious question of the use of the Internet for violations of copyright violations .
The position of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs confirms the right to intellectual property , and special measures to protect intellectual property law in the United States .
We have to establish a system for ensuring intellectual property control in Europe , otherwise it could happen to ensure that effective criminal law is violated which , in the United States , has already been adopted in the United States on the basis of what has already been launched in the United States .
We are behind the United States behind behind the USA , and I agree with the rapporteur that this directive should be promoted quickly .
The Socialist Group is concerned that the child is not with the bathwater .
We have tabled a very important amendments in our view .
First of all , an amendment to the so @-@ called discrepancy .
The transfer of people , previously a country which has a traditional affinity , an intellectual property and intellectual property , must now be subject to the information society , which is very simple , very simple , very simple conditions of regeneration .
The aim of this amendment is that the distribution of water is intended for those who make it because , otherwise , we will be able to detect many pictures for those who treat the town as those who treat the town of regeneration .
Another very important amendment is the time @-@ frame of a high @-@ level nature .
If the outcome of the information society is to be a scientifically responsible and more environmentally friendly nature , this temporary nature must really safeguard this temporary nature .
It is not the case that we create great libraries with heavy property , so that the person who used to take advantage of this property is still impossible .
We believe that the inclusion of the requirements of certain restricted provisions and additionality is a significant condition for the maintenance of intellectual property .
I hope that the various groups will be able to provide some and alternatives in tomorrow &apos; s votes , which will guarantee the protection of intellectual property law in the information society , because in a few years &apos; time , intellectual property is probably still unclear .
Mr President , first of all , there is a great deal of praise for Mr Zavvos and his approach to this issue .
It was a delicate subject which he has had to make extremely careful about works , and he has succeeded in drawing up a more balanced text .
In addition , and perhaps we should be looking at this issue , as a Parliament , we have to deal with this issue - one of the issues which I have seen in the short time of my membership of Parliament .
If I would then be able to take account of 300 of those who have been involved in this report , then it would be possible for half people to have a thousand people per MEP , and there may be certain concerns .
It would be useful if the common position were to be adopted by Mr Ducarme tomorrow .
In the view of the Liberal Group , however , there are some Member States but , in any case , I have understood that we are in a favourable position , and that is perhaps a good thing .
There are some other points which have already been mentioned by Mr Zavvos and Mr Medina mentioned .
I have to look at the issue of whether the inspector is sufficient . I have to look at the issue as a lawyer , because I have been talking about intellectual property .
I must see whether it is still possible to see a copy @-@ by @-@ way boy in its own hands , a copy @-@ intensive boy which must be used in all these students .
I think that this is a self @-@ defeating exercise for us .
In other words , I am in favour of temporary use for private purposes .
I have also concerns concerns about technical measures which can be introduced by the Member States .
I fear that this will lead to distortions in the internal market and , at the end of the day , the Court of Justice will have to decide on the matter on the subject .
I still have problems with the breakdown in the present form .
I believe that this is a matter for the e @-@ commerce directive and I hope that the Commissioner will look again at this issue .
I still want to repeat another word : on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I hope that , in the present directive , there will be a balanced balance and a reasonable balance between all the players and all players , which digital mail should be a chance and not as a threat .
Mr President , I would like to thank all the honourable Members who have cooperated constructively with the Commission and the rapporteur , Mr Wilson .
There are many problems , many people still remain unanswered .
We cannot simply harmonise the cultural traditions .
No one is happy to make a happy compromise and the European Parliament is not a happy one .
We are talking about a common position .
There is a balance between whom and the public interest .
First of all , this is my opinion and the opinion of the Greens - must be strengthened .
He must serve the growth model .
Its position must be strengthened for future growth .
My responsibility as a trivial policy is firstly to allow and ensure that this sort of work is cultivated and , secondly , and I do not want to understand it in the order of the public , but also to ensure that it is not only fair to guarantee free competition but also to ensure that the public will be given quality quality in their entirety .
We are opposed to an extension of the environment , and perhaps we may perhaps be able to find some points , which may find a solution under the parties , because we can find a fortunate solution to find a fortunate solution to which we can all live .
I should like to draw your attention to the fact that the Greens are limited to amendments exclusively to those who are trying to meet and accept the two proposed amendments - perhaps say that this would be a anticipation of future treaties .
Now , I would like to say once again : there are many people in the text of the recitals in the text of the recitals , not to support those who are affected .
And the bombings have already been mentioned : Europe wants to have a symbolic , a European regulator or not , and then a discussion on the table between service providers , producers , consumer users and consumers .
However , I do not want to say that the Napster by copyright , through an inadequate sense of copyright , are simply under discussion .
That too is a possibility we must debate .
In the future , we will also be able to discuss , and I hope that , in future , we will be able to discuss the possibility of negotiating together , together with them , but also to discuss a possibility for contracts .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when I refer to this question of the directive on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright , which , above all , a list of derogations , I would like to end at the end of the day : it is simply a matter of maintaining the precautionary principle in order to maintain the precautionary environment .
There is a lack of clarity in this directive : the authors and the authors you deliver ; the consumer , the consumer , and the producers and distributors .
Farmers and associations are trying to take a stance between the two others and , in essence , the directive makes a list of derogations , with regard to which the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market has formed a very sensitive state of radio .
I have the impression that the consumer &apos; s position is being favoured .
But what is it going to use ?
I ask you what we are going to use in the foreseeable future if we do not protect and defend the creation of the tobacco industry .
That is the question which can be asked .
In addition to my work as Members of my own , I am also involved in the promotion of libraries and cigars .
In both cases , however , certain legal standards and safety requirements , not uncertainty , need to be able to produce production .
If I am not mistaken , I am astounded that our Parliament , which will otherwise defend the Europe of the markets , will ultimately defend the production of this market , because this list of derogation is not paid to you , if you want to pay them free .
You will admit that this is amazing .
Nor are we talking about the conditions of production of these goods , but they are the product of the goods .
I do not know if those who were responsible and the manpower do not know what you want or how they want it , but at least it will not be a good thing for the Europe of the markets .
That is what the markets .
If we are to go into more detail in detail with the directive , it is clear that what has just been said of a quarter of what has just been reached a quarter of what has been sent in the past to an hour is peanuts .
It is amazing for someone who is involved , it is amazing when it comes to discussing this type of illness .
What do we intend to do if we are going to be able to adjust , in this context , to ensure that the culture , cultural diversity , cultural diversity does not mean simple repression of what really means in excess of Dutch and landing , but is limited to the creation of a living system ?
This must be supported - whether or not we want assistance .
On the support of the Monnet , copyright must increase copyright , but not criticism and attack .
This is what my group wants to defend in the vote tomorrow .
Mr President , the report before us on copyright and the information society , is indicative of the increasing consequence of the Community &apos; s internal market , which is the only driving force which is the only driving force for the creation of a market which does not provide a product , no service , a service .
While the damage caused by this system is obvious , as the Member States are aware of less protection than the Member States , I am looking at examples of the Commission and the Council to give all the cultural services to goods , as Mrs Fraisse explained quite clearly .
It is completely absurd that the institutions of this European Union are at the moment to be involved in the defence of a resurgence of an economic and economic globalisation .
This is why I believe that , in a number of this Parliament , we are trying to stop the process of speeding up a process which the European idea is completely excluded from its content and its objective .
We shall reject the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , because , as Mrs Fraisse said correctly , it is contrary to the diversity of the European project and the special role of the European project , which is , of course , an extremely important role in the European civilisation .
The information society is only a pretext for trying to take advantage of the longest @-@ standing and professional property , the intellectual property of the armed forces .
Mr President , each copyright is the spirit of the spirit of two interests , the interests of the producers , producers and productive systems , and the interests of consumers on the other .
It could be said that the consumer &apos; s interest is a social interest in ensuring that knowledge and cultural diversity are disseminated rather than hampered and financial interests .
Of course , and it is important to have a reasonable economic yield , and they have to receive an adequate economic yield , but I represent two crucial points .
One is safeguarding the public interest and consumer interest in the use of knowledge and culture .
Denmark - the country which I come come from - has developed a very well developed way .
The second point is that the systems in order to act and sanctions which have been developed in the legal cultures of different countries should not be affected by this .
There is a special system , and I do not believe that it is damaged .
I should like to say that I have sometimes seen such intensive lobbying as in connection with this proposal , and that is not surprising .
It is a question of billions of raw materials and euros in a system which is primarily used by the American entertainment industry , but it should not be our duty to do our job .
In addition , there is no doubt that the most important legal questions are part of the most important legal questions within the field of copyright .
I cannot imagine that more than a couple of per per cent of this House is in fact a idea of what is happening .
Against this background , it is interesting and remarkable that the proposal is so balanced and I would recommend that I vote for it .
Mr President , as far as my group is concerned , I would like to express my appreciation of the rapporteur , on behalf of all my colleagues , who work closely with him .
We welcome the determination to defend the balance of this directive .
As the rapporteur has said , we shall be able to put forward the compromise put forward by our committee to present the right directive on the right time .
Nobody claimed that they were absolutely worthless .
That should be emphasised .
It was already very difficult to find common ground with different national traditions and derogations .
For example , there are countries where contributions are raised on the basis of housing and phonograms .
We support the aim of this directive because it is mainly a question of putting new creative opportunities to use this new technology .
This directive is an intelligent and risky nature .
It guarantees the artists that they can create new works and receive a fair pay .
At the same time , the consumer hopes that their existing rights to create existing rights , using access to new air transport , be protected by means of the consumer , such as consumers , are protected or hampered .
We managed to balance this balance .
On the other hand , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we are not so keen in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market that we would say that this would be a final solution .
We urgently have recommended a review of this directive on 18 months .
We must take responsibility in this global world for our work , but at the same time we will be prepared to make changes if the circumstances require .
This is an extremely important provision which we have increased .
We want to make the directive as quickly as possible .
This shows that the Legal Affairs Committee is very responsible about the directive .
We are now interested in implementing it as quickly as possible .
Why is it what we can achieve as quickly as possible ?
Because this European Union would enable the European Union to join the Treaty of intellectual property , which , in turn , would give rise to an important global dimension .
It is a really high price that we should guarantee as quickly as possible .
Mr President , thank you very much for giving me the floor , although I am not a book written , although I have not read a single complacency and I have not read so many !
The protection of intellectual property is always a concern of the European Union , the European Parliament , because we know that this protection will guarantee that culture is based on culture and for economic production .
It would therefore have been possible to conduct a European Parliament .
It is not !
For the first time , we are seeing that the protection of intellectual property law is reduced .
With Parliament &apos; s assent .
We are seeing that the European Parliament only has a goal to do so .
After 18 months in the Council we will say that we have to go very quickly now .
After 18 months , Council meetings !
And then the Council would say &apos; unanimously &apos; , although it may have been possible to decide with majority , and then there is a fine balance .
And then Parliament will be asked to change it .
That is why Parliament will be superfluous .
I have never seen the fact that Members of their governments or parties have been so closely under pressure .
But when both sides of the Council , governments and Parliament do not need the Council , then we need to do so .
Parliament has its own responsibility and it must be fair .
The common position has weakened the rights of the disabled dramatically .
I would like to thank Parliament for the details and would like to ask Parliament to restore these rights at least .
Mr President , Commissioner , I believe that a lot of things have been done over many months when Mr Harbour asked for a revision of the directive in 18 months .
Are we then looking for the entire lobbying ?
That would be a little too fast .
Mr President , what we can say about the directive has already been said .
It is therefore not quite easy to take the floor now .
However , I would like to thank our distinguished rapporteur for her excellent rapporteur .
I would also like to point out that the official line struck by the liberal group at first reading was balanced than that of the stabilisation system .
We also believe that the common position should be amended in fundamental parts .
At the first reading , we were concerned that the majority of Parliament has led the role of the Internet to the effect that a system has led to a system which would lead to a system which would lead to equipment in Europe .
These days , the results of the Sahrawi people are published in the vicinity of cattle , partly in the vicinity of the magazine , and in the final stages of the Human Rights Council .
As far as industrialisation is concerned , everyone in the material can come to the material , while they have been paid for EUR 3 million .
This is , of course , a protection of intellectual property .
But is it possible to promote the dissemination of science and knowledge ?
Where is the correct balance ?
I think that we should consider that if we adopt a position on the directive .
I should also like to point out once again that the official position of our group is now the official position of our group .
The common position is a very sensitive compromise which should not be checked because , otherwise , we cannot establish the signing of the WIPO Treaty , which is the most important thing .
Mr President , I feel that it is a great honour to take part in this debate .
I am rather surprised that they will be delivered in a negative and original manner .
We must not forget that the new media have the proper interaction between mankind and the idea of the human being .
There is , of course , a cause for legitimate concern regarding the protection of copyright protection within today &apos; s time .
But the protection of these rights must not lead to the citizens &apos; ability to access access and the use of documents and to be denied the use of documents .
It has been repeatedly referred to the importance of the balance between the interests of producers and consumers , and this balance must be addressed .
If we do not work in the Union , it could have serious implications for the discussion of the Internet and similar media in the way of democratic openness and the other media .
If , for example , we are going to limit excessive restrictions , then students , students , students and scientists could remain the wayside .
In Article 5 ( 5 ) , the present draft directive is critical of the restrictions in terms of fair procedure , as defined in the Berne Convention .
It is the responsibility of Member States to introduce the interests of disabled people , private users , public accessibility and perseverance and some other users and some other users to restrict them to limit water control .
This is permissible and the Member States are in no way obliged to do this .
These decisions are based on the principle of subsidiarity .
I stress that there are commercial interests which are particularly excluded from this directive , which is explicitly excluded from this directive , and I also believe that we have done a very good job , and I hope that we can adopt the report with relatively few amendments .
Mr President , in my country , there is still a very bad tradition in my country when it comes to copyright and is not protected .
The new technologies are now all the more pressing for the European Union and we expect a common approach to this issue .
There are certainly many controversial points of controversy , many constraints and uncertainties , and we are also openly responsible for the other side of the massacres and the other dimensions of the users of their works , and the work of the Legal Affairs Committee and the Internal Market and the Internal Market .
They have managed to improve the Council &apos; s common position on intellectual property law .
It is extremely important to limit the derogations and , in my opinion , this has been very carefully done , although the amendment of the Legal Affairs Committee could have been further further .
We must also take account of the libraries and archives of origin , so that there is no question of the protection of intellectual property law .
Mr President , I would like to join in the congratulations to the rapporteur , who sins the patience of a saint and my perseverance .
We have had a great deal of trouble on this difficult subject , which has been very great in all the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , which is one of the most common issues of conflict between consumer and consumer services .
Many of them believe that the interests of these two groups cannot be brought into a sea .
In my opinion , however , this should be possible , but it is also possible to allow us to impose a range of principles on the other parts of the world as an example .
That is not a simple task .
Everyone has the right , of course , to take a suitable route to the consumer &apos; s rights and for the protection and entitlement of the artist .
Mr President , I too would like to start by congratulating the rapporteur on his willingness to compensate for a balance in the debate which has been put into effect for nearly three years .
The task of this task has not led to the fact that the Council has not fully adopted the European Parliament &apos; s amendments at first reading .
As has been said , the purpose of the new directive is to adapt the current legislation to new technologies under the international conventions adopted in 1996 .
There is a legal vacuum concerning the protection of copyright in the digital age .
The Internet is a splendid tool , but it must not be a permanent one .
The cultural and economic challenges are considerable , because the Internet is developing with impressive speed , in Europe must be a legal framework , as the United States has already introduced a framework of this kind two years ago .
There is therefore a need for urgent action , as this directive is a crucial factor in the fight against piracy , and this is the focus of a real scourge of the information society , which is a real scourge of the information society , as the pictures are , as the pictures are , as the pictures are .
The production of tobacco companies is a recognised one .
It is perfectly normal for the consumer to compensate for a reasonable balance .
If these pictures really are to be reserved for private purposes , the legislator must be sufficiently restrictive and cannot allow the relevant definition to be found .
I therefore support a restrictive definition of the transport system .
On the protection of works , the costs of technical protection have to be reduced .
This is why we need to fight against the so @-@ called damage @-@ related activities by the public organisation of funds which can be evaded and thereby encourage the manufacture of protected works to be punishable .
There are a number of issues which have arisen in permanent change and concerns .
The directive must lead to balance between the interests of consumers and those who engage in competition .
It is an attempt to find an answer to these issues as quickly as possible , which must inevitably be inadequate .
The review of the directive after a period of two years has enabled us to identify the gaps and weaknesses in the development of the information society .
Mr President , in my country , he keeps saying that &quot; it is illegible , &quot; it is up to the bottom @-@ up &quot; .
In other words , for the disabled and prudence , we hope that this Parliament will be intervening , or tomorrow , by the conscience of the House .
Indeed , Mr President , we believe that it is possible to reconcile the gap between the body of the new technologies and that the new technologies are available to us on the Internet , and the continuity of the Rapid Reaction Facility , which is inadequate , is not the case if the price is insufficient and that it does not fulfil its value .
There are therefore conflicting differences that refute the demagogic resistance and financial interests , in this truly global debate .
Let us not be naïve , Mr President .
They have economic values and their dissemination of economic values , and this is the basis of intellectual property law and the rights of the mediators .
Unfortunately , the Commission &apos; s proposal and the Council &apos; s common position is somewhat different .
On behalf of the consumer , the possibility of protecting the flow of communication is the right way to maintain the ability to maintain the knowledge and cultural development of the citizens .
The new communication technologies are not a opponents of intellectual property and you should not be saying that it is in the world that we live in the world of sustaining the monopoly if we are to defend the monopoly , that is to say the author .
We do not support the specific conditions for the consumer , and we accept the worst weapon of the text in the name of consumer rights - that is the worst sin of the text - that the quality of technology is not viable .
Mr President , despite many efforts and some progress , which is due to the work of our rapporteur , I congratulate him on this , and I congratulate him on the fact that there is no text on the three fundamental freedoms of the cultural sphere : the creative freedom , freedom freedom and the freedom of the consumer .
If we do not succeed , Europe will lose some basic values .
Our languages are very little , Mr President , if , on the altar of technology , only the only owners of those identities which live for a Europe of the world .
Mr President , first of all I would like to thank those Members of the different groups for the 32 minutes which I will have to submit to me in the Chamber .
In certain crucial points , I am convinced that , in certain crucial points , we should come back to the position adopted by an overwhelming majority at first reading by an overwhelming majority at first reading .
Above all , we are talking about the further restriction on the transport of e @-@ commerce , so that the responsibility of the Internet is more defined in accordance with the e @-@ commerce directive , as well as the possibility of Member States &apos; ability to introduce technical protection , without being distorted by the internal market .
Why do I mean that ?
Firstly , for reasons of principle .
What is more important than the protection of the penal networks ?
Can it still be more expensive than the product of human beings ?
The European Parliament has always been the role of the European cultural heritage and it must continue to apply in the digital age .
If we do not do anything about it , we will no longer be able to get away from the nine @-@ day and without other Parliamentarians .
After all , there is no incentive without any incentive for creativity and innovative innovation .
This debate is , however , a purely budgetary link .
It is also a question of employment .
At present , the 100 000 jobs are lost by outside the European Union .
The state also leads to this state of affairs .
As far as the Belgian State is concerned , I am familiar with the fact that the result of this type of traffic should be adopted at a billion eleventh hour , and that applies to all the transaction .
We need to be very clear about what process we are setting .
I endorse what Mr Rothley said .
There are therefore no reasons why I would like to support the amendments which I have tabled jointly with many other Members , which I would like to thank .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive has a great deal of importance to growth and competitiveness in Europe , but it must not become more difficult and progressive .
If we prove to be aware of electronic commerce and increase costs , Europe will not be the most competitive economic zone in ten years &apos; time , as the objective was set in Lisbon .
If we in Parliament want to strengthen confidence in ourselves as European legislators , European legislation must be coherent ; the directive on e @-@ commerce and this directive must be consistent .
We are therefore not going to change Articles 5 ( 1 ) or justification - the copyright should not become a project for the new technology .
We should not allow ourselves to be able to do so with a view to creating legislation which prevents freedom of speech or the free flow of information .
The Marketing Directive must be made very high for the re @-@ election of one country .
If one small generation cooked up in the space of a second day , one of which happens to us is to monitor , the basis for which the Internet is successful , is the basis of the Internet and , in the light of the Internet , it has been lost in the knowledge of all the expertise .
I would therefore ask you to support Amendment No 4 .
Our legislation on copyright must be the spearhead and the main focus , not the technical form .
The television system must be choose themselves , as they are their programmes and the music they want to play .
