Finally , I would like to say that it is completely incomprehensible to see the American authorities blind to the risks that they face .
If we look at the development of certain types of cancer in the United States and the increase in the American population , then we should all tackle the American mafia .
I therefore hope that the continued ban on the use of this transfer will be used in Europe by the American consumers and the consumer , so that further discussion is needed on the WTO .
Mr President , I would like to start by thanking the rapporteur , Mr Olsson , for his report and the committees on the proposal for a directive tabled by the European Parliament and Council Directive 96 / 22 of the Council on the ban on the use of certain substances in animal feeds .
The processing of the Commission &apos; s proposal is to increase our food safety and honour our international obligations under the Convention on the application of the Convention on the application of the EC Convention .
This House is well aware that the current ban on the use of such a way of residence can be brought into question by the World Trade Organisation and that in 1998 the assessment of the risk assessment of a number of animal animals was criticised by the European Community .
As you know , the Commission has drawn up an additional assessment of this kind of residence for the assessment of risk assessment which has been carried out by the WTO appeal .
In April 1999 , the Scientific Committee published the Committee on Industry , Public Health and Consumer Policy on the possible harmful effects on the effects of tobacco products in beef and human health .
This opinion was delivered in May 2000 and confirmed .
The scoreboard was that none of the six possible pieces of hormones that can be calculated for cattle to cattle have been identified .
With regard to the Corsican drug @-@ broadcasting plant , the belief remains that this substance is considered to be seen as a guide , because they have both a lot of catching @-@ up and social consequences .
Further information in the case of the other five versions of this can be noted .
In the context of this conclusions , the Commission proposed first and foremost that it is a minor substance to ban the transfer of tobacco products to this end .
Secondly , the Commission proposed that the ban on the rest of this five five can be retained for now until now .
This measure will be carried out regularly and then in line with our international commitments .
I am very pleased that the report supports this approach .
In addition , the Commission has also provided the necessary legal basis for adapting the final and interim interim arrangements within the framework of the framework of the Structural Funds system in order to facilitate rapid knowledge and increase this way of increasing delivery .
I am extremely sorry that the introduction of the electoral process was not supported by the report .
Many of you know my views on this subject .
I have discussed the question of the application of the verification system with you in several bilateral discussions and I note that the Commission &apos; s request has not been approved in the proposed amendments .
I would ask Parliament to reconsider its position in this regard , because I think it is extremely important that the question of the issue of reinstatement in this context is taken seriously .
If Parliament agrees with the approval of the annexes in the context of the refund and not retraining , then I think it is not sufficient to ensure adequate health protection for consumers in this area , both in the context of the debate on BSE and the particular subject .
How can we justify a constant delay in the adaptation and approval of the annexed approval if a Commission &apos; s proposal for an extension of the list has recommended that the list should be extended ?
How can we justify this ?
One of the speakers said that is a political issue .
I utterly reject that statement .
This is a scientific question .
That is precisely why the WTO has been engaged in this .
I have a little concern that , if Parliament remains to remain on this subject , there is a danger that , in its opinion , the codecision procedure is not acceptable , but the codecision procedure most strongly .
I have just experienced this .
I have already had a debate of this kind with Parliament and I know what I am doing .
Members will appear to be able to vote on the matter , and that is the way forward .
The distribution rate does not know exactly what they are going to vote on , as they are not informed about this particular subject .
I am also very concerned about the fact that so many today &apos; s debate on a matter of so much importance will be to the consumer , without knowing that it will be possible to adopt a procedure that will allow consumer health to be included in the annex to the public &apos; s health and the basis of a clear scientific recommendation .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would ask you very much to reconsider your position and to give greater priority to the agenda .
If you look at the question of the issue as more important than the interinstitutional agreement between Parliament and the Commission on whether or not there needs to be any complete codecision procedure in such cases .
This is a scientific reaction which is based on scientific recommendations : it is a question which the Commission will be able to adopt and which is based on an annex , with a view to achieving a comprehensive de finesse .
I have already pointed out this issue and I have already pointed out that I am not going to disregard Parliament &apos; s position on the matter .
I therefore urge you , ladies and gentlemen , to take the consumer &apos; s rights into serious account of consumer protection and to bear in mind that a food safety authority will be taken seriously next year .
It will have a job to take on board .
If it emerges , it can recommend that a reaction from the executive is being carried out soon .
In some cases it will mean that the Commission will introduce a legislative solution .
In this way , we can make it possible to respond rapidly to the consumer , which demands the consumer .
But if this is possible in the codecision procedure , it will be delays .
I would now like to refer to the amendments proposed in this report and to Mrs Grossetête &apos; s amendment .
I will start with the amendments that the Commission cannot accept .
The Commission can accept Amendments Nos 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 9 , 9 and 10 , which I do not agree with .
Nor can it be possible to support Amendments Nos 12 , 13 and 14 , where the introduction of the electoral process to reduce the lists in favour of the lists of lists , and the codecision procedure will once again be introduced .
Amendment No 1 deals with sound justification for the decision to keep the ban .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment because the results of all future research will be proactive .
Amendment No 2 would be obliged to finance the Commission to finance research on the five @-@ country substances banned .
That is unacceptable .
Neither under Community law is the Commission subject to a legal obligation to finance research .
Instead , the WTO calls upon the parties to risk risk assessment on the basis of all the scientific data .
Nonetheless , such studies are not excluded from the European Union &apos; s headquarters in the European Union .
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 3 and 11 in which they call for effective health arrangements for health protection .
I should like to point out that there is already room for improvement in the Member States and at Community level .
For example , in particular , in accordance with Directive 96 / 23 of the Council on control measures , the Council already monitors the controls and arrears .
The Commission has also suggested that the provisions of the directive should not apply to animals which are covered by therapeutic or therapeutic purposes .
Mrs Grossetête proposes in her Amendment No 15 to make this provision dependent on proper alternatives .
The Commission cannot accept this amendment on the grounds of clear scientific knowledge on the grounds of clear scientific knowledge .
In addition , there has been a significant study on the fact that there are sufficient alternatives to the transfer of water techniques for therapeutic or therapeutic purposes .
This study should be made available to Parliament as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the Commission can accept Amendment No 8 , and in principle the section of Amendment No 10 , which deals with scientific data , is acceptable because they helpful explanations in the text .
Finally , I would like to thank Mr Olsson for his excellent report and for his support on this important issue .
To summarise , the Commission can accept Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 9 , 9 , 9 , 9 , 14 , 14 , 14 and 15 .
On the other hand , it can accept Amendment No 8 , and in principle Amendment No 10 , which deals with scientific data .
Mr President , naturally I respect Commissioner Byrne &apos; s position , which advocates a sense of support .
But what we want to achieve is not an extension of the procedure , but it is a question of making a debate on how many different questions , such as the scientific clarity .
Yesterday I met with a representative of the American negotiators , which was not the European concept of science .
We must not , therefore , discuss any scientific issues in this Chamber , but also those who are dealing with ethics in the process of ethics and the precautionary principle .
This is a fundamental political debate and not the delay in the procedure .
Thank you , Mr Olsson .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 11 a.m .
The new boundaries of the book
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new frontiers in the field of electronic equipment ( 2000 / 2027 ) .
Mr President , I would like to start by saying why this report is important , and I have had a few lawyers on highlighting their works , such as Fascism , Leonardo de Cué , and a man from my own country , delicious speaking .
When I come home to home these works , the rich people of language , the whole of which are rich , culture and history are all too different .
You have set my thinking and think about things .
The background of my work has been carried out by the Commissioner , who will be happy to read .
books , in particular , lead to alternatives , ideas and opportunities .
I come from very simple situations and is in a poor area with small opportunities and modest prospects .
But over the day when I don &apos; s chair , I did feel books and many other people have had the same experience .
I am very grateful to the authors and the stuff of these books for having enabled me to liberate them and I now see it as my duty to ensure that other people can also do this experience .
What are we talking about here ?
I would like to make sure that , in our final era , in the electronic era , the framework conditions which prevail in the Member States will continue to be applied to the protection of intellectual property , taxation , taxation , demand or aid , also in the new era .
books have been more than just a tool and a living in a world which is becoming increasingly dependent on goods .
The electronic dumping system covers four specific areas : electronic books , via the Internet and via the Internet on demand on the Internet .
We must ensure that we have the necessary policies with which we have a comprehensive overall strategy which will allow all these developments to be achieved .
So what is to be done with this report ?
First of all , we must promote strong growth and development of these areas as well as the widespread use of electronic media in Europe .
We need more affordable access to these media for all Europeans and to do so .
We should continue to promote linguistic and cultural diversity by means of the use of electronic forests and to facilitate transforming the classical publishing industry into a world of e @-@ growth .
In order to achieve this objective , we must ensure that we have the appropriate policies that will enable this growth to growth and ensure that all citizens have adequate choice and access .
Consequently , my report makes a number of demands .
EU institutions have an important role to play in ensuring that future growth is maintained .
Firstly , the Commission can develop a comprehensive political approach to developing this sector .
Secondly , we can all help to promote policies which promote literacy and promote digital exclusion and help digital exclusion .
The Commission can and should be able to develop and develop more and more proactive and mechanisms for developing SMEs in this sector , and we should make sure that the industry has the opportunity to develop their responsibilities in the new era and ensure that the industry has the opportunity to develop their responsibilities in the new era .
The Member States should be monitored and monitored in accordance with electronic immobilisers for drivers .
All this is in the context of our options and , therefore , I recommend to almost completely present my report in the hope that it will have a variety of advantages , so that everyone can benefit from the benefits of this new sector .
Madam President , I would like to convey my congratulations to Mrs O &apos; s report , which has made the dramatic changes to the dramatic changes caused by the new technologies over recent years .
We all know that we must consider a monopoly as a sign or as a lesson , and we must therefore look at it .
It has taken place a revolution which is still more interesting and more important for each of us , even more important .
At the same time , however , it requires European and national policies that we need to adopt in order to deal with the new nature of the new nature and the conciliation process .
The question of whether we have to protect a book from the uncontrolled market is to be welcomed because of the very important importance of both a book and at a reading in our society , which must be done as far as possible .
The potential of the Internet and enlargement of the widely @-@ spread Internet problems caused by intellectual property and the status of the author is also denied to the extent that many parts of the population are denied to the new media .
The inequalities in relation to the uprooted and disadvantaged areas , rural areas and disadvantaged groups can prove to be harmful if we are already to get a small percentage in terms of Germany and competitors .
This is such serious cause for concern about the threat of social cohesion , and this is a danger to which the European Union has developed policies by developing countries .
But all Member States must also help young people during training and make them impossible for them to be written because they are the future of the European Union without a book without a book or a book .
Madam President , Commissioner , are an important medium in which culture is an important medium in which culture is a modern one .
I therefore consider this report to be excellent .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the tremendous work that she has done and the many analyses that she has carried out .
This area is on the agenda .
However , it is not only the production factor , but also consumption .
A reading of consumption is a form of consumption , and we need better incentives .
The people must always decide how they spend their time .
That is why , together with my colleague Mr Graça Moura , I tabled an amendment with the call for a &apos; European day &apos; s Day .
We proposed on 23 April , because this day we are celebrating the birthday birthday and that we were told that this day was cancelled .
This is therefore covered by Europe .
In several countries there is a start on UNESCO &apos; s Day .
However , I leave the Commission instructions to choose another date .
Commissioner , there is only a demand for demand .
In order to give an extra impetus , Mr Graça Moura and I have called for a year of reading , but we must press on this .
A second problem is the market players .
A key role must be protected for pluralism and cultural diversity .
It also applies in the electronic program system , as practised in several Member States , for example , in the same way that they are applied in a number of Member States .
Madam President , I would like to speak today from the point of view of the electoral process , both in a positive and in a negative manner .
As far as the positive aspect is concerned , the rise in supply and demand is , as you know , a reallocation of electronic book .
As far as we are concerned , this is a most ambitious state of affairs , as is a very weak state of affairs , that it is possible to change the fact that the electronic book is a major change , more emphasis on social and environmental protection , because electronic book is a fundamental change in the price of mass oil .
These are the positive aspects .
The negative side is that access to cars is being hampered on two counts .
Let us make no bones about it .
The new technologies can , of course , provide a chance for democratisation , but also an additional obstacle to young literacy .
Finally , Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to call on it to be a matter of urgency to ensure that these new technologies continue to be subject to copyright , as it is also at risk , because it is also under threat .
I would therefore like to remind you that the same reasons have to be regulated for the same reasons in Europe , i.e. to safeguard the creativity and disseminating their products .
Madam President , the very interesting report by Mrs O &apos; s report gives us the opportunity to make further thought to the future of the book and to plan new initiatives .
As this report rightly emphasises , the book has also been an extremely important role to play in the distribution of European cultures and , moreover , the steady increase in the number of valuable qualifications , such as rich , alive and many of them .
That is why it is obvious that we are dealing with a belt @-@ up approach where the book is becoming increasingly taken into account .
This applies to the cohesion policy , for example .
Are you already doing this ?
Let me mention two examples .
Thanks to the report , the number of tonnes of libraries to 2006 will be doubled to 1 170 to 2006 .
During the same period , under the operational Culture programme , Portugal will EUR 38 million for the expansion of the logistical and libraries @-@ libraries programme and to promote the reading , which has taken place over half from the European Regional Development Fund .
This is also true of competition policy , which apply the special importance that has been applied as a bargaining asset for the people of Europe .
This also applies to the activity of the culture .
During the debate on the Culture 2000 programme , Parliament stressed the importance of the measures to promote the book and literature .
As the first year of implementation of the programme shows , this concern has been met .
The report by Mrs O &apos; s report calls for our concerns to broaden our concerns and to take into account all the aspects of the technological revolution in order to guarantee the new ways of ensuring that the new market is able to benefit from its diversity .
The digital revolution is a chance but also risks .
In fact , Mrs O &apos; s report is characterised by the fact that this is very noteworthy and I am not going to come back to it now .
I would just like to make a comment , namely the danger risk of exclusion , that the needs of disadvantaged groups are not covered by the population .
It is an essential condition that digital technology should benefit from education and culture , but it is its accessibility .
I am told that it is fair to accept that between generations , between the two economies , between those who are involved , and those who are not affected by the new technologies , and those who fear that the liberalisation of the economy will cause a digital divide .
I do not think we can simply realise that a great deal of this kind is a widening of this kind and we must do anything about it .
After all , we can take action .
It is a conscience , a social task which we are all represented here , Parliament and the Commission .
In addition , I believe that globalisation , if we manage them , is globalisation , and digital technology , and digital technology is not automatically destroying national and regional cultures .
In order to adapt to the new realities of the information society , the cultural industry will undoubtedly have a deep @-@ reaching and far @-@ reaching change .
As far as we are concerned , this is what we need to do , and we must not only guide them or reverse their development .
We must start at the beginning of the development of the new age , so that the digital age can give new growth and allow for a competitive change .
A first of its appropriations in the budget is modest , but the measure is geared towards linking civil engineering cooperation and their cooperation .
Of course , the Commission has made its most important role in this area and in the proposals for the Culture 2000 programme , I stressed that the implementation of several projects under the participation of the author and bombs should be particularly encouraged .
It is the experiment that is disappointing , as is envisaged by the nature of the cultural industry , which is planned to implement the cultural sector .
In my opinion , there is a new ground , which is not enough , and that is where we have a basic , realistic and realistic role .
Apart from the specific activities of the programme , I would like to call on a whole range of measures to be used to promote the balance of the road and the circus , which is why the rapporteur demands the demands of our rapporteur .
The e @-@ commerce initiative , which I started in May last year , concerns the infrastructures of education , which are a precondition for any other action .
The Commission services have an excellent programme for implementing this initiative .
Furthermore , the Commission is funding - and will continue to continue in particular - pilot projects in the field of general education , in particular the use of technologies in general and with the Leonardo Convention on Education .
In addition , we also have a shortage of shortage @-@ shortage partnerships between the public and private sectors .
The e @-@ Europe initiative aims to ensure that the information society is treated as social protection .
Until the end of 2001 , access to the Internet and multimedia systems in many public centres , including in the less @-@ favoured areas , enables all pupils to pay all pupils to the end of 2002 .
Another area of our activity concerns the development of services in the field of e @-@ mail protection and e @-@ commerce .
The e @-@ commerce programme , which has now been adopted for a period of four years , aims to promote development and use of European content .
It is also possible to educate on the market in order to help the European Investment Bank and provide capital capital for the processing markets .
In this respect , the Commission and the EIB are working towards the funding of the cultural industry .
We have paved the way for a new future , i.e. our digital future .
This , ladies and gentlemen , is an increase in greater involvement and visibility .
Personally , I am in favour of the proposal , Mr Graça Moura , Mrs Sanders @-@ ten Holte , Mrs Sanders @-@ ten Holte , of the European Year of Lifelong Learning .
However , for several reasons , the construction of such a year is not possible , but we should be thinking about a day or one month of the new and reading which will be organised from 2002 .
Let us not lay down a specific option now , but we should discuss it with discussion in order to take the best possible decisions in the Culture 2000 programme .
So I am in favour of a discussion in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport with the parties in order to find solutions in the interests of new , reading and cultural diversity .
As you know , technology is a tool , a potential instrument , but this tool can be very useful to promote our cultural potential .
In this respect , I would like to thank Mrs O &apos; s Committee on the important work she has done in this respect .
Thank you very much , Mrs Reding .
The debate is closed .
That concludes the vote .
Vote
Madam President , some Members have rightly pointed me to the existence of the MEDA programme , and I therefore want to ask this House to vote in favour of an oral amendment to the next wording : &quot; The Commission calls on the Commission to establish a special programme in order to implement and enhance the implementation of water operations . &quot;
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 ) by Mr Naïr on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy on the communication from the Commission on relations between the Commission ( COM ( 2000 ) : &quot; intensification of the Barcelona process &quot; ( C5 @-@ 0630 / 2000 )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Motion for a resolution ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 ) by Mr Miranda , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , on the peace process in Colombia
Relating to the recitals and C
Madam President , if I have understood correctly , there are the first proposed amendments which we will vote on , with his authors that Amendment No 1 may be withdrawn if they are to be voted on separately .
This recital would include the whole part of the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; and the second text .
I think that the specific vote on the original text of the recital ( b ) can we be able to make the vote on Amendment No 1 .
Madam President , the Socialist Group agrees with Mr Miranda &apos; s proposal and would be voting for the first and against the second part .
Madam President , we would agree with this proposal .
Madam President , there is also a compromise to the following vote .
In the amendment of Amendment No 2 of the European People &apos; s Party and the Party of European Socialists , this means that , first and foremost , we would vote in favour of a split vote on the original text , and in the light of the fact that the Colombia Plan for the &quot; social players &quot; .
We would then be able to vote on a second part which would leave the amendments to the table and then we would vote on Amendment No 2 .
We are therefore voting in favour of the original text of separate parts and subsequently on Amendment No 2 as an addition to the original text .
Mr Mombaur , I have been conciliation on this subject as shadow rapporteur for the Group of the Party of European Socialists .
Mr Miranda says , but it is misleading that this is an amendment .
As you have heard from you , the services have made a mistake , and the services of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and the European Democrats have made a mistake , not in the majority of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and ourselves .
Therefore , Mr Miranda quite rightly said that what is now to be done is , and I agree with him , a further amendment here .
They were a purely technical error from the services .
I have received a complete explanation of the text .
In the beginning of the amendment which was missing from the amendment , &apos; Plan Colombia is not that &apos; Plan Colombia &apos; is not the leader of the neo @-@ fascist and reliable and the rest . The rest remains .
Madam President , I just want to confirm what Mr Howitt said .
In some versions , especially in the Portuguese , Dutch and English , things are , for example , the case of the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; , the &quot; Colombia Plan &quot; , which is wrong .
The translation in these versions must be changed .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 ) by Mrs O , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on new frontiers in the field of copyright and ( 2000 / 2027 ( INI ) )
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
- ( FR ) In voting on this report , we abstained from voting on this report , as we are going to abstain from the report on the fisheries agreement with Angola .
We do not want the slightest option to take the slightest steps , even if , as we know very well , the financial compensation of the Union for fishing in the Ivory Coast and Angola is the same as the Union &apos; s financial compensation for fishing and Angola .
However , we are opposed to the fact that this is hypocritical for those countries or even their people .
Even today , as &quot; aid &quot; or &quot; Agreement &quot; show that these figures are reflected in these figures and unfair provisions that the African continent will become exploited by European powers .
Jarzembowski report ( A5 @-@ 0360 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report to amend the directive on the development of Community railway undertakings .
I read the Conciliation Committee &apos; s report and I would like to express my hope that Mr Jarzembowski has more and more emphasis on the road , because he has the best outcome , thanks to which freight transport is liberalised throughout Europe .
I hope , Mr Jarzembowski , that this good results will be borne in mind that the Council will take steps to help the elderly and pensioners .
I was impressed by the success reached by the Conciliation Committee on this issue .
, in writing .
( FR ) The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy reports on the development of Community railway undertakings and the setting up of licensing for railway companies will be welcomed by a compromise on the complete opening up of the railway transport market in competition by the year 2008 .
This compromise will pave the way for new proposals for liberalisation , i.e. other sectors , such as the accidental and privatisation .
The recent tragic accidents in Great Britain , for example , in Germany , also underline the grave effects of the privatisation of this service of public service .
And if the problems of mismanagement , such as the roads , transport traffic in social terms are being put to the end of the railways , then the liberalisation of the railways is being put right .
For a long time now , throughout Europe , we have been operating across the world to promote the interests of private companies in all its forms .
Since the time has now become apparent , however , it appears that some parts of the tax industry can be used to find new profits in the search for new profits from the railways and by national governments .
Neither users nor the population have the lowest benefits to expect the benefits of public services .
The same applies to the workers of this sector , which have the adverse impact of the economy and the environmental problems that have devastating and working conditions and working conditions .
We are , of course , opposed to the fight against these workers and their trade unions .
We have therefore voted against the two reports before us .
I think it is appropriate to point out in this explanation of vote on the obvious progress made in the development of the European railways , which , thanks to the recent mid @-@ term summit in the French era , has reached the way in which the route for the construction of the Sahrawi oil team and the new conceptual bloc is achieved .
This decision will put an end to the final @-@ moving light of a compromise which is in line with the strengthening of rail transport and shift from road traffic from road to rail .
As I have said in plenary , it was , during the previous plenary , that the Syrian project project and the right way to deal with hazardous delays , in the planning of the route for the Trans @-@ European Network , are determined to deal with hazardous delays .
I would like to add that the decision taken by the European Commission and France , which was fully supported by the European Commission , is in line with the balance sheet .
It is also positive that , in January this year , the Commission would like to see many of the lack of interest received to the Council for the signing of the protocol to sign the protocol and call for ratification of this protocol as soon as possible .
The present project is now being set up in favour of a re @-@ recovery of rail transport , with the aim of introducing a clear break in road transport in the area of road transport .
In this regard , I have already told the Commission that the route to rail transport will finally be included in the next few years on the global transport network .
Finally , I would like to express my satisfaction at the resolution which was held in Turin after the reopening of the traffic basin tragedy .
The French and Italian authorities have shown their decision to make international transport in this tunnel mandatory , rationally and more sense .
I call on the Commission to support this decision in favour of a drastic reduction in traffic in the field of transport .
Wieland report ( A5 @-@ 0012 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the directive on the recognition of nurses , veterinary doctors , veterinary doctors , etc .
I would first of all like to say that these TENs , particularly for doctors , who have been used , are benefit from the European Union , but after having been left behind , I have had differences in the European Union , while I have had the right @-@ wing effect in Italy and Belgium .
That is why I think it would be beneficial if all people in Europe could move freely and for doctors who have the same education .
I therefore call for a single European variation .
McNally report ( A5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the report on a whistle @-@ General for reproductive purposes of information and recovery .
I have seen my friend , the pensioner , who pays on the airport of Bergamo , from which I run back to Brussels , that if employees leave their offices and the computer @-@ building in so @-@ called &apos; administration &apos; management .
Following the way in which this document has been carried out and explained broadly and explained at the end of the discussions , &apos; But it would not be easy to find staff in the end of the discussions if they no longer use them ? &apos;
I now now ask the question , Mr President .
Mr President , I voted for the ban on the sale of 17 fish shells and all the other substances which are so harmful to human body because it is , as you know , the growth of growth and development of these people .
I have , however , learned that the finance ministers of our States are not necessarily opposed to a quarter of these electoral processes , which , as we know , is to encourage the development of animals so that they can grow faster .
&quot; But why are they not against it ? &quot;
Finally , I believe that I have found a response to this : perhaps we hope that if the growth of animals is speeded up , we can also develop more quickly , so that they can develop more quickly , so that they are not so long ago .
Mr President , I have voted in favour of promoting trade relations with the United States of America , Canada , Japan , the Republic of Korea , because this is clearly a positive element .
For the future , I hope that the future will have an intensification of cooperation to be able to take part in the key to improving the living conditions of elderly people .
I also hope that the opportunity we have to deal with in these countries is the opportunity to look at the existing environmental problems in these countries , if we do not have a few ideas to improve the legal conditions for the life of the elderly .
We do not support the man &apos; s report for several reasons .
Firstly , there is no need for a legal framework for projects .
This is right in this sense because it does not fall within the EU &apos; s scope .
The cooperation between the Member States is a certain instrument , without any EU jurisdiction , unless it is the Member States who are responsible for this .
Nevertheless , the Commission and the rapporteur in articles emanate from the legal base .
The Commission is not explicit in terms of which activities fall under Article 308 and which under Article 308 , so that there is still confusion about the competences .
In addition , the Commission proposes a only budget line .
However , the funds for multiannual and large @-@ scale projects are not desirable because the Commission must not lead to a independent policy for the partner countries .
In addition , the Commission has promised to work more efficiently by making it less difficult .
The Commission must represent EU Member States in the WTO .
This is a contribution to the coordination of the Member States &apos; activities .
Therefore , to be deepening and enlargement , it is not .
The Commission has to do with European issues such as agriculture , the effects on developing countries and the environment .
Therefore , a more generous policy is not appropriate .
In the rapporteur &apos; s report , we see an improvement on the Commission &apos; s proposal , but highlight the problems that they have mentioned .
That is why we abstained from the vote .
Muscardini report ( A5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the strategy established by the European Council for relations with the Mediterranean countries .
My own country , Italy , is a procedural one .
I therefore believe that the European Union is in a position to pay more attention to the neighbouring states in the South .
I propose to extend those who will be responsible for this area of policy in the future . I propose that the regulation should be extended to extend to all workers in the southern Mediterranean Mediterranean States , i.e. to extend them to the Member States from the Mediterranean .
Many workers of these Mediterranean countries are living in Europe , and I therefore consider it to be a fair idea to bring them to the merits of a single pension .
The Barcelona process has raised hopes of relations between the European Union and twelve Mediterranean countries .
But we have realised that this instrument has proved to be inadequate .
For political reasons , the complicated peace process in the Middle East is an important reason , but not the only one .
As a basis for changing the report , the report calls for the simplification and flexible operation of the MEDA programme and the development of measures to develop the development of the Mediterranean countries and we can only agree with this .
However , given the greatest importance of the Mediterranean for the European Union , the Council has adopted a common strategy for this region in time .
We therefore hope that this political will will take greater priority for the cooperation between the Member States and the Mediterranean countries and the European Union and the European Union .
It is not , of course , as a spokesperson for the Nordic dimension , but because it is a way of achieving this cooperation , it is desirable and prevented to prevent Europe with a single centre .
Moreover , today , the demand has already been increasingly spread by the European Union to focus on the sea , and the following step could be very well @-@ intentioned ...
I would like to comment on the rapporteur , my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini .
I have followed the process of work on this report in the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
The result of Mrs Muscardini &apos; s work has quite rightly been justified by all those who supported their designation as rapporteur from the outset , because her report received only one vote against and there was no abstention .
In any event , it is not very much appreciated to appreciate the value of the document which the document has worked and devised .
It was true that it was its duty , but not least if the European Parliament recognises this by an overwhelming majority in a plenary session .
This is why my colleague and friend , Mrs Muscardini , deserves my congratulations .
Naïr report ( A5 @-@ 0009 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for the intensification of the Barcelona process .
That is a logical consequence of my previous explanation of vote .
In my opinion , the Mediterranean countries as well as Turkey are the countries of Europe .
I hope and support Turkey &apos; s accession to the European Union , but it should also be considered that the possibility of EU accession to the Mediterranean countries is carefully examined .
I consider that as two the same coin .
- ( FR ) I would like to warmly congratulate the rapporteur on his work .
It is true that his report on the Barcelona process is fully comprehensive , so I will only touch on some of the most important points .
First of all , we have listened to the fact that the Commission communication has followed an intensification of the Barcelona process &apos; intensification of the Barcelona process and recommendations in connection with the Barcelona Conference and recommendations in relation to the ministerial ministerial conference of Marseilles ( November 2000 ) .
The assessment is honest .
The three areas of the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , policy and security , social and human and financial relations , have only been implemented in the latter .
But here too we can go too far !
In this area , there is a need for competition . While our partners are required to bring about opening up their markets in sectors where we are in the most competitive sector , the European Union &apos; s hesitant policy on agricultural products will be negative .
As the rapporteur says , we want a free trade area in accordance with the conditions established by Europe .
This attitude is certainly irresponsible .
Are we not so hypocritical as we want to create a region of common prosperity .
The low importance of the European Union &apos; s current European Union which has been working on this partnership must finally be criticised , and we must at last be criticised .
This is a mistake when the Union is a keen interest in the sustainable economic and social development , as well as the political stability of this , on the other side of the Mediterranean , the European Union , in the region of Europe , in the region .
The Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership must urgently boost .
The rapporteur puts forward several possibilities on this .
For my part , I would recommend a more rigorous approach to the political stage .
There is no doubt that the new international Federation , which we should take .
The European Union has a role to play in the Middle East peace process .
The solution to the Middle East is a crucial precondition for achieving peace and stability in the region .
This means that the right to security for Israel and all other states in the region , and the recognition of the legitimate rights of the Palestinian people , must be adopted as quickly as possible in a viable and internationally recognised state .
In addition , the European Union must use more financial resources and human resources and support interregional cooperation and the inclusion of civil society .
As a lawyer , I would like to express my satisfaction at the fact that the Swedish Presidency intends to look at the debate on the Barcelona process in the French Presidency .
Hopefully , they will be able to get into practice quickly .
That is why I voted for the Tibetan people report .
It is regrettable that human rights and its practical implementation are not sufficiently taken into account in the Barcelona process .
For this reason , I voted for a number of amendments , partly for Amendments Nos 1 ( 4 ) .
As a Swedish Christian Democrat , I would like to express my concern about the living conditions of the Christian German minority in Egypt because they are treated in their own country , in practice , in their own country , as well as people second .
It is also a typical exclusion of the Community &apos; s Christian administration in Lebanon .
I am convinced that , in addition to the economic and monetary affairs of the trade , religious and cultural affairs of the Mediterranean countries , there is a condition for further progress in the Barcelona process .
- ( FR ) The Naïr report on the Mediterranean policy of the European Union is more than vague .
This is not the real framework for cooperation between Europe and the Mediterranean countries .
Although the rapporteur can accept that human rights and fundamental freedoms must be respected when it comes to the treatment of the other social issues .
Firstly , the report supports the Commission project , which advocates free trade and economic liberalisation of the Mediterranean countries .
In this respect , paragraph 21 , which states : &quot; By means of the impetus to liberalisation , the economic operators of the Mediterranean partners and the implementation of structural reforms are essential to compete on the markets . &quot;
The main issue of the foreign debt is being dealt with in the report only in the spirit of a &quot; non @-@ terrorist &quot; , while the European governments must be called for a completely different line .
As far as migrants is concerned , a restrictive position is being taken on the UNHCR &apos; s report in relation to recruitment of migratory flows and illegal immigration .
Women and women have never been allowed to have borders .
They should be considered illegal immigrants , particularly the interests of the mafia and trafficking in human beings .
We must take the door to open borders .
At the end of the day , the right of the Palestinian people to one State to another will be recognised by the rapporteur , and the release of all political prisoners and the right of refugees to return to return , however .
For these reasons , I did not vote in favour of this report .
Resolution on the &quot; Colombia Plan ( B5 @-@ 0087 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) We have voted in favour of the resolution on Colombia , but only so that the plan for the United States has developed , which , on the pretext of combating drug trafficking , is that , amongst the pretext of combating drug trafficking , large sections of the population will benefit from the greatest benefit of tobacco .
The main objective of this intervention is to facilitate capitalist capitalist resources to facilitate the exploitation of resources .
We are opposed to the military intervention of the United States in Colombia , as we also reject Great Britain &apos; s intervention in Sierra Leone and - direct or indirect - actions of France , in Congo , in Congo , in the Congo .
We are also concerned about the plans for the privatisation of the privatisation of most important sectors of the Colombian economy and against those who have led to an ageing population .
As you know , the aid granted by the European Union and the IMF is , as you know , the most important means for investment in the merger of the merger of the imperialist powers of the merger .
In short , we are opposed to any repression and resettlement of the people &apos; s population .
- ( FR ) The Colombia plan of the United States was completely incompatible with any interpretation of the various social and political participants and without the approval of the Colombian Congress .
In the stamp of the fight against trafficking in drug trafficking , it is nothing more than a very dangerous solution to propose a more dangerous solution , which replaces small producers of their workforce , whose assimilation by small producers is destroyed by the people and the environment .
The resolution on the support of the peace process in Colombia has led to the Committee on Development and Cooperation , the Committee on Development and Cooperation .
The proposed reform process , the support of the peace process in connection with the neighbouring countries , can only be supported .
The funding allocated by the European Union must , however , be supervised in order to ensure that they do not serve any repressive purposes .
The first step in the direction of peace can only be condemned in the condemnation of the paramilitary groups and the inclusion of dialogue with the consultancy and the ELN .
In order to combat drug trafficking and trafficking in drug trafficking , measures need to be implemented : effective and effective prevent the proceeds of money from the capital movement , which would allow the power to be able to meet the needs of all citizens .
Mr President , I asked why Mr Fatuzzo has nothing to say about this .
I would have liked him to have had a minute for us .
We do not have any explanation of what he voted for in relation to the Colombia plan .
Would it not be possible , Mr President , to explain to him , Mr President , that he would like to explain what he voted on here , because it is important for us to know .
Yes , I know every member can give a statement to his vote and Mr Fatuzzo has the right to make a statement on certain votes .
Ferri report ( A5 @-@ 0360 / 2000 )
Denmark is bound to use a legal reservation , which means that we do not give the EU any powers of competence .
But cross @-@ border crime is a very delicate problem which requires Member States to cooperate .
I have chosen to vote in favour of this report and to vote in favour of its recommendations , exempt in paragraph 5 on a common public prosecutor &apos; s common office , because , in recent years , we will have to do with a large number of foreign criminals which will do so in the past few years .
Never before has we been faced with such an extreme right , with cynicism and Tunisians @-@ nots , as is currently the case in connection with drugs , trafficking in women , trafficking in human beings , money laundering , money laundering and public health .
In the case of Denmark , there is a non @-@ immigration of criminals , according to the principle of the least opposition .
The majority of our politicians want to understand the truth and try to ensure that international conventions prevent the protection of our peaceful and honest citizens .
This EU initiative is necessary to allow the right to act again and order in Denmark .
We are forced to do something together with our European partners to give more power than the criminals .
However , the British Socialist Group voted in favour of the spirit of this resolution , but there are comments on certain points .
We oppose the inclusion of the European Public Prosecutor in this text ( paragraph 5 ) .
With this resolution , the body of competence of the Member States should be granted powers to the Member States , which is an inappropriate response to the cooperation required in the report between states .
It is questionable whether or not it is legally legally dependent on national judicial decisions , and the legal independence of the Member States &apos; legal authorities should be retained .
There may also be a few minor ambiguous ambiguous reasons and , for example , paragraph 9 , for example , calls for the European Court of Justice to extend the powers of the European Court of Justice with regard to instruments which were decided outside the EU &apos; s borders .
Finally , the British student is in favour of the cooperation in criminal matters , but there is concern about the reference to &quot; harmonisation of criminal law &quot; in paragraph 13 , which proposes that Member States impose criminal law within the EU .
This may be desirable in certain areas , but cooperation in criminal matters should be based on the exchange of information and the vote between the authorities and the harmonisation of certain legislation , provided that this is not a general objective .
.
The rapporteur &apos; s motion for a resolution laments the actual need for organised crime to combat organised crime , the pretext for including the public and intergovernmental sovereignty and any form of national sovereignty .
All this is done on behalf of the development of such an area of freedom , security and justice , as was planned in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the conclusions of the Tampere European Council .
We must only add : &quot; For the new world @-@ EMU era &quot; in the e @-@ EMU era &quot; .
For the people of Europe , in reality , there is a need for a lack of freedom of instability , insecurity and telecommunications .
This is also evident from the fact that the so @-@ called terrorism , which is so known as it , is , of course , of course the authors of the relevant texts , which , for obvious reasons , will never have been more precise , before they are dealt with in the field of non @-@ violent crime .
On the one hand , on the one hand , on the one hand , it is attempting to counter any form of political opposition to any form of political opposition , the fight against fires and the fight against their decisions , and they try to be thrown into a panic .
But who speaks of appalling crimes and terrorism ?
goods in the people of Yugoslavia , for example , and the atmospheric pollution of the EU Member States and the defendant in the Member States of the EU Member States , do not have an organised amount of money and even more unjustified crimes ?
Can we really call on the measures to suppress demonstrations at Prague , Nice and recently in excess and West Matters ?
How can attacks on farmers , pensioners and , more generally , the popular movement in Greece and other EU countries ?
We too are in favour of organised crime .
This cannot , however , be the forces of the forces to combat the movement of people against the fight against the movement of people , such as the EU and the same conditions for the rapid rise in crime , such as the EU and the rapid increase in crime .
In our opinion , the motion for a resolution constitutes a further contribution to creating the necessary instruments to reduce the rights and freedoms of the people , and he speaks of all the idea of national sovereignty to complete the law and is dangerous for the people of Europe .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party voted in favour of Mr Ferri &apos; s report because we wish to create a more effective and more effective fight against organised crime within the EU by setting up the national criminal systems .
However , we are opposed to paragraph 5 , which calls for the Union to adopt a system of public prosecutor &apos; s jurisdiction , which lays down legal competence on the whole territory of the Member States &apos; national public prosecutor .
We are in favour of a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , which works with national authorities , but it is not replaced with it .
We accept paragraph 11 ( b ) if it means harmonising national definitions of serious crime so that they do not make use of the laws , but we assume that this does not mean harmonising all the national legal systems .
For point 8 , we voted in favour of a sensible limitation of cross @-@ border cooperation between experts , such as magistrates or investigating magistrates , for example .
Although we voted in favour of paragraph 9 , the proposal for sanctions contained a proposal for sanctions at the present time as a purely intergovernmental procedure .
There is no way of achieving a higher level of assistance , as would the case of the Community &apos; s competence .
The resolution tabled by the resolution calls for the European Parliament to reform the Treaty on European Union in order to determine the European Court of Justice as to whether Member States fulfil their obligations in this field .
It is not only in this resolution that this Parliament should apply to the EU legislation , but also to integrate the instruments of the Council of Europe , not only in the current state of affairs , but a dangerous precedent , it would be extremely difficult to implement a dangerous precedent in the future .
The idea of applying sanctions against those Member States is not enough to comply with the measures in the field of legal assistance , in stark contrast with the lack of clarity in the context of Chapter January of the Treaty on the European Union .
There is a disturbing development of sanctions against partner parties in the EU , a disturbing development which renders a drift in Europe &apos; s right to a Europe of the strongest .
Finally , I would like to point out to the rapporteur and all other Members that the first two points of the text concerning the shortcomings of Luxembourg were no longer followed by the fact that the seller &apos; s legislation on 8 August was no longer followed .
O &apos; Report ( A5 @-@ 0005 / 2001 )
Mr President , I should like to explain why we have seen these amendments positively .
It concerns both 11 and 13 in recital , which ultimately takes the basis for another more important recital , and the delicate points of paragraph 7 and paragraph 12 and paragraph 12 , which we certainly supported .
Paragraph 7 refers to the wish , but a legal framework for the problems that will arise in this new market .
In fact , this initiative was the object of this initiative initiative .
Why ?
The section of paragraph 12 calls for plans to be given to the idea of how specific payments could be made for the transfer of data .
It is a problem that exists , and this would be completely incompatible with all existing policies .
This paragraph 12 is not in any way contrary to paragraph 13 , because paragraph 13 does not apply to the existing trains , such as libraries etc. , in particular , in a few institutions , such as libraries etc. , such as libraries etc. , in the new e @-@ market .
There is nothing contradictory with this .
On the contrary , this could mean important steps for the future , for this new market and for the aforesaid book .
The Greens have therefore voted in favour .
Mr President , I voted for the report on electronic commerce which I have very carefully read . I have been able to give my assent to this idea .
I have been told that , when I arrived at the time when my wife is distributed , I am under a book from a book , whereas it is clear that it is , I am sorry to say , that it is a good and convincing effect .
So I have asked : &apos; Why do we not ensure that we are not able to produce a electronic telecommunications system , the medication which can be read , which is not easy to read ?
They can also learn from such a sort of enterprise and read them , and we are , unfortunately , told that those who , unfortunately , have been forced to look at it , have been told or read or read them . &quot;
.
( PT ) We have voted in favour of the report because we consider that it is a balanced issue and highlights the importance of encouraging the cultural and monetary diversity of Europe to promote and improve the cultural diversity of Europe and to improve the knowledge of the public and the public &apos; s services .
It is also important that the fight against increased illiteracy and awareness @-@ raising public opinion should be promoted , and it will be possible to be informed of technological developments , and the rights of the authors , the rights of the authors , the rights of the authors , and the rights of authors , in particular .
We must make sure that electronic mail is fully taken into account and that this important area can be utilised in addition to the traditional economic system , so that both fields of communication can exist .
I welcome the fact that the report emphasises the linguistic and cultural diversity of the general expression of cultural development in the various European regions .
In view of this emphasis on linguistic and cultural diversity , I assume that the references in the report to &apos; all languages &apos; also cover less languages .
E @-@ commerce is very important for the fact that there is a limited demand for a limited demand and , under the heading of this heading , good language and books in less unusual languages .
It is therefore important that the Commission and the Council take this into account when it deals with this report .
That concludes the vote .
Adjournment of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned .
( The sitting was closed at 12.15 p.m. )
Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday , 1 February 2001 .
Agenda
The next item is the final version of the draft agenda , as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at the meeting of Thursday , pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure , pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure .
I have received no amendment on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday , but Mr McMillan @-@ Scott asked me to speak .
Madam President , I would like to express my views on the draft regulation on European political parties .
At the last plenary session in Strasbourg , the Commission wanted to make a statement on this matter .
They then did not have done so , and I have the impression that the Commission has now formed a view to European political parties .
This is a very sensitive issue , which is a very sensitive issue than that of a number of parties who may consider themselves to be inappropriate , even if they are in favour of it .
Could you please ask the Commission to make a statement in this matter at some point ?
Secondly , as we have just discussed the agenda for Tuesday , I would like to express my concern at the fact that the European Parliament is proposing a debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , but there is no resolution on this subject .
This is particularly important because the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 contains approximately 200 measures , which Parliament will be discussing , but not a resolution .
This approach is unacceptable .
A resolution should be drawn , especially because we are obliged to monitor the work of the Commission closely .
Finally , I would like to say that we should be working on the work programme , not the Commission alone , in the work programme for the Commission , Parliament and the Council .
Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , the fact that there is no motion for a resolution , the Conference of Presidents gave the impression that there is no need for this .
Madam President , perhaps I am mistaken , but I think it was intended to adopt a resolution .
In the first place , however , we should pass the work programme on the relevant parliamentary committees before we present a motion for a resolution which will allow the various committees to take their view .
I have understood that : it will be a resolution but not immediately .
Madam President , it is not just a question of what Mr Cox has agreed .
For this reason , it is not a serious reason to present a resolution in which all these points are included , which we agreed on , that the relevant committees will examine the resolution carefully and , as usual , in April .
With regard to extending this programme to the Council , this is an interesting reference for the future , but the Commission and Parliament are at the moment .
Thank you , Mr Barón Crespo .
We shall therefore proceed accordingly .
My second question , Mr McMillan @-@ Scott , is no Commission communication on the recognition of political parties .
If you wish to put this issue on the agenda , then we could ask the Commission to give a statement on Thursday evening if you agree .
Madam President , thank you for this extremely helpful proposal .
Unfortunately , too many of us will be present on Thursday evening .
It would be good if the Commission had taken this into account tomorrow , in its declaration on the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , for the Commission &apos; s work programme and the Commission &apos; s work programme , which I would like to call on him to do .
Relating to Thursday :
President .
I have received a request from the Group of the Party of European Socialists , which , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , to remove the oral question on the bird campaign in Ireland and France .
Madam President , we are in favour of this request for two reasons : from a parliamentary and political point of view .
The parliamentary problem lies in the work of the committees in this House .
At present , the review of all the stability and stability pact and the substantial improvement of the major economic guidelines in the parliamentary Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs is covered by an investigation into the parliamentary Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , although I am mistaken .
This is a question which is therefore accompanied by an economic activity .
Secondly , there is a political reason .
The problem raised by the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats found that this was the case with Ireland .
When the Conference of Presidents was born , the Conference of Presidents was one of France .
And when we look at the relations in the relations between the parties and the opposition parties and to all the aspirations of this Parliament , the debate on Thursday will not , at the same time , jeopardise the fifteen Member States , at this stage .
For this reason , we think it is appropriate for Parliament to comply with its rules and , in accordance with the logic which has been pursued .
Madam President , it is clear that , if Mr Barón Crespo is to revise a decision on the Conference of Presidents .
This is totally justified and legitimate and I would like to make it quite justifiable .
I hope , however , that he does not receive majority voting because this issue is not a violation of parliamentary procedures , but we want information from the Commission .
In this way , the rest of the normal working work will not be affected by the committee .
But we are now seeking to provide information from the Commission at this time .
Moreover , the discussions in the Council of Ministers will continue to be further and why we do not want to engage in a debate on this issue , especially as - and I would ask everyone to consider it - we are not taking a decision .
Finally , we will not adopt a resolution , but an information undertaken .
Moreover , Mr Barón Crespo is well aware of this - of the discussion in the Conference of Presidents .
Mr Wurtz has tabled a debate - and we are not constantly in a coalition , Mr Wurtz , and our group , but , if there are points , why do they please do so ?
We leave no one , and I therefore ask that this oral question remains in accordance with this oral question .
Madam President , I would like to ask a question on our work plan , which is not , therefore , the case or against it .
This question is addressed - both in parliamentary and political terms , although one of the other grounds is the President of the Party of European Socialists .
If the Commission or , more specifically , the Council , the Council would not be able to bring this this week to a precedent as early as possible , as many as we are here in this House , and the response of the House ?
Is it really the best solution if the European Parliament had the right to open a debate on Thursday p.m. at 5.30 p.m. , a time when I took part in the debate on the creation of the cotton @-@ Strasbourg session , which I voted in favour of at 5.30 .
Should we not , of course , urge the Commission and , of course , to the Council , to speak before this week before this House so that we can deal with this issue properly ?
I am afraid that this evening will not ideal time for this matter .
Madam President , I am all more keen to comment on the statement made by Mr Poettering in my opinion .
I would therefore like to clarify what this is about .
I do not know why Mr Poettering and Mr von Wogau who asked this request are not known and I would like to ask a different question .
I think it is appropriate for this debate to be sensible , because it is the first time that the Commission has been able to use the commitments that the Treaties have given to the set @-@ up instrument : in a sense , reference to the requirements of the directive is a good political criticism .
In other words , Ireland is very firmly committed to France , and France has been told that the proceeds of growth have been used in part , more or far for social issues .
I think that this is a political issue .
We have failed to ensure that this debate is adopted by the end of this debate in order to give the relevant institutions the possibility of acting , but I think that a debate on this issue is appropriate .
Mr Cox would just like to take note of his contribution to his contribution that the Commissioner responsible , Mr Solbes , has made it possible to take place on Thursday at 5.30 p.m .
I have no doubt in any way that Members will follow the same line , provided that the point is retained .
We are listening to Mrs Randzio @-@ Plath , because the Rules of Procedure stipulate that , apart from the group of the group , we have heard another speaker from the group who is against it and then we will take a decision .
This is a very promising process which makes very careful political assessment .
That is why we need all the information , Mr Poettering , but the information that we have received , are particularly in the written reports , and I believe that this House would be well advised to carry out this work .
I would like to remind you of the great problems we have in this regard and that there have been major doubts about the Stability and Growth Pact if there were major doubts about investment in education .
They were not just members of the PSE Group , but also the EPP Group which has analysed this .
I would therefore like to advocate that we have no intention of a debate which has to take place in the debate , but that we have the work in committees .
We have discussed Mr Solbes in committee in committee , and we will be discussing this with the help of the report by our rapporteur in plenary in the House , which is also the way forward .
I shall now put the request to vote to the vote .
( Parliament rejected the request )
That is the agenda for this session and the next part @-@ session in Brussels and we can now turn to the electoral process .
Madam President , I would like to inform Members of the Commission who has taken care of the agenda for discussion .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats have had a number of others to discuss the subject this week .
Unfortunately , the Conference of Presidents rejected this .
However , we did not have any objection to the agenda because we have been informed that certain groups are in principle in favour of a debate here in the European Parliament , but perhaps at another time .
We would therefore like to engage in a dialogue with these other groups , because we are not opposed to discussions and discussions , but we want discussions .
However , we are very disappointed that the Dutch Minister , Mrs Vachetta , has not rejected the discussion and rejected an invitation to this House .
This should not , however , prevent us from being able to enter into dialogue with other groups in dialogue and perhaps a request for the agenda in March .
I just wanted to clarify this point because many issues have been discussed in this context .
Madam President , I would just like to respond briefly to the election of Mr Liese , Minister chairs , not to mention the discussion on electoral issues .
That is completely not the case .
The Dutch Government and , incidentally , all the Dutch MEPs here are ready to have an open and honest debate on the facts , but not on declarations of information and comments which are hard at the border .
We will give you this information .
I understand the Dutch Government is happy to be able to have the information or a discussion in the Netherlands , but I am sorry to see that the Minister has been here to discuss the issue in the Netherlands , but unfortunately he did not allow Minister to attend this week .
Madam President , I should like to admit , Mr Liese , that we all know full well about the declaration of innuendo .
Of course , some groups have indeed been organised by a hearing , Mrs Morgan , who was prepared to give the wish of a number of political groups to clarify this bill .
If Mrs Buitenweg cannot accept an invitation , you have to look at whether they will not come from another time .
Mr President , there is also talk of communication .
In any event , I think it is extremely helpful and , as a matter of urgency , for the Dutch Minister for Public Health and Consumer Policy to make it very clear that the Dutch Minister for Public Health and Consumer Policy is extremely concerned about the Members of the European Parliament .
Madam President , I think that the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats would be reasonable to talk about the complex , difficult and very precarious load of undeclared work .
In my own country , the Netherlands , we have had a social debate for 20 years , a very good and balanced social debate and , of course , we can never , of course , talk about a Thursday afternoon .
Let us believe these things .
Then there is something else .
We are always talking about subsidiarity .
This is a question of the national criminal law which has been resolved by the Dutch Parliament .
We should be in a position to consider the concept of subsidiarity here in this House .
Madam President , like Mr Wiebenga , I am surprised that the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and the Party of the Party , Democrat and Reform Party , has taken the view that the laws on the electoral system in the Member States are a suitable subject for a debate at European level .
In the UK , the Conservatives were fairly quick to condemn European monopolies as an interference in national affairs and as a breach of the principle of subsidiarity .
It will certainly be heard from the general elections in Great Britain and months before the general elections in Great Britain .
I think it is quite extraordinary that she used to deal with the subject of a Member State at European level , and I recognise that it is the forthcoming campaign .
Madam President , it is a question of subsidiarity to do with subsidiarity .
It is indeed the countries themselves to legislate on laws .
The question , however , is whether the anti @-@ European and international treaties contravenes this .
We have this concern and it is our duty to discuss this issue and to discuss the cross @-@ border dimension .
This is what we are talking about , regardless of subsidiarity which everyone respects .
Mrs van der Laan , I can actually read Mrs Roth @-@ Behrendt &apos; s reply to you , who is in fact a sensational moment .
You can be aware of serious consideration , but I concluded that the Minister for Public Health is not a right decision to speak here .
We are surprised that Parliament does not consider Parliament to discuss this issue .
Madam President , I am amazed that a fellow Member here is talking about the question of the issue of subsidiarity as an issue of subsidiarity .
We are all very proud that there is not the death penalty in any Member State of the European Union , because the human life of human life is something that we all need to link .
Madam President , very briefly the statement by Baroness Ludford on the question of whether there should be a debate on the issue , and I think it is absolutely appropriate that Parliament discussion on the subject of discussion .
Personally , I would recommend that there should be no vote at the end of such a debate , and my delegation will be voting in favour of a vote on a free @-@ vote because it is a question of secrecy .
I would like to make it clear to the Minutes that my delegation has not adopted a position on this matter .
However , in the statement made by Baroness Ludford , I would like to say that I am in favour of a form of political support .
Madam President , it is clear that we all have the issue of life and death , which will be confronted with our personal life and our family , which is a universal life , which is a healthy death .
We should , therefore , have the courage to mobilise the respect for minorities : both parties with different views with different views .
There is not a party which these ethical principles alone are justified for itself , and there is no party to the other party , the Liberals , the Greens , the Greens and the Socialists .
If we want a serious discussion , an open discussion - and we want this - and we want to - this is not the question of subsidiarity , which is a matter of subsidiarity .
With regard to the substance , there is a need for this to be the respect for something which is very much interrelated .
The way in which the statement made by the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats in recent weeks , the tone which she presented and the contents of human rights , was certainly not an encouraging factor .
That is a mistake .
If Mr Liese wants to engage in a discussion , he can do so , but it should not be said that it should be prepared to encourage people to engage in a public debate .
We are willing to do so , but we are not prepared to participate in a normal party of political attack , which is a very important one , in the Dutch and Belgian society , which has been very much dealt with in the Dutch and Belgian societies , but that is a very great deal of respect for the views of society .
So I would like to ask the Members who feel a different opinion than I am .
So we are in favour of a debate which , in our opinion , ought to be carried out under proper conditions , including the possibility of being able to listen to a number of experts and moral feelings , as we feel that this is a fundamental debate .
I believe that this is not just the case in the Netherlands but also in other Member States of the European Union .
This debate takes a long time and has still not opted for a period of time , even though it has left several months .
So , if such a debate is to take place here , it must be done in a serious and efficient manner .
Madam President , in principle I fully support the debate on the issue of veterinary proceedings in this Parliament .
However , I would like to take this opportunity to tell you that many people in my own constituency of Ireland are deeply concerned that a Member of the European Commission , together with a Swedish minister , condemned the actions of the new American Government , the action of the new American Government , which aims to adapt to less developed countries .
As far as the question of subsidiarity is concerned , it is illegal in Ireland and we are opposed to the European Union - as the European Union is , for example , that tax money money should be spent .
Instead , in Parliament we are in favour of allowing abortion never to be used as a means of planning and not to support it .
At the conference in Cairo and the World Conference conference in Beijing , a strong statement was taken .
I would therefore like to ask a Commissioner , who is in a position to put into direct contradiction with the agreements that have already been signed , and , as they will be , subsidiarity must be excluded from the name of my country .
Madam President , a few weeks ago in an plenary session discussing this problem , we have been able to attend the coastlines of Spain , specifically in Andalusia , 12 immigrants from African countries last week , and this has been more widely known for a long time after month .
I could send you photographs of the Spanish press who was published in the Spanish press so that you can see the seriousness of this tragedy .
For years , Madam President , and I have come to the end , Madam President , we believe in Europe with deep hypocrisy , all of this light in the Rio East , Mexico and the United States of America ; today we have seen the coastlines of Spain .
I believe that this Parliament must intervene in the Spanish government and acknowledge that this problem must be a European acknowledged .
We must not be blind to this serious problem .
That is why I am happy to supplement Mr Nogueira and say that the Spanish authorities and society are doing everything in our power to alleviate this appalling human suffering .
Madam President , I have a communication for you , Caroline Lucas .
It was arrested this morning at 8.30 a.m. when they attended an anti @-@ terrorist demonstration in Scotland .
Their participation in so many legal rulings that was agreed in the past time was that such weapons of mass destruction against international law .
As a Member of the European Parliament , they should not be arrested , while they are to be held at the plenary meeting , and we invite you to take action on this matter .
It is true that the immunity of an MEP or a Member of Parliament can only be lifted after the matter , and if Parliament has discussed it , and if we are discussing it , Parliament would have to express its opinion on the issue of international law .
Mrs Hautala , I can assure you that we are going to look into the situation closely .
Madam President , I would like to say to what Mrs Hautala said that Mrs Lucas has been arrested on her path to this House today .
It seems unusual to me that she has been arrested in their way here , but the south @-@ east of England , whilst their 800 800 or a little kilometres is rising in the surrounding world .
Instead of the British Government who should be able to publish it on the grounds that Mrs Lucas should be able to publish a map of Britain and some of our suggestions in the medium term , Mrs Lucas will send out a list of British funding .
Madam President , I should like to understand on the same wavelength that the British Government does not make any difference between the arrests .
At the same time , some of the Members of the Scottish Executive , some of the Members of the Scottish Executive and several other people have been arrested in saying what was justified in the UK .
With regard to the MEPs , we have applied the same laws and they are arrested together with the other .
I hope that they will be making a reasonable time to preserve them in the future .
Madam President , I would like to object to the very best remarks made by Mr Balfe .
The Scottish right would be replaced by no way of how it can be used .
The arrests made at Faslane were in line with current law , and I am sure that the people concerned will be released immediately .
My colleague , Mrs Lucas , should be given the opportunity in this House to express its views on whether their immunity is also subject to the legality of the storage of nuclear weapons , provided that there are serious doubts about the legality of the storage of nuclear weapons , as has been pointed out before them .
Madam President , I do not know whether or not it meets the rules of this debate , but I feel that , in particular , I am obliged to express my solidarity with the way in which Mr Balfe is able to express my solidarity with , Caroline Lucas and her actions .
In the case of Mrs Lucas , maybe the law has remained against the law , but I believe that , in particular , the existence of the law has been held on the basis of an demonstration against nuclear weapons , which is dangerous and dangerous for all of us .
I would like to thank , for example , Mrs Lucas and the other women who were arrested .
Madam President , first of all , I would like to extend warm thanks to you , because the plane from Amsterdam to Strasbourg will be open to Strasbourg .
I think you have made a commitment to the French Government .
Thank you very much .
However , I would like to say something more problematic .
I have already raised the European Commission on 10 November of the general public service stations on the spectrum of telephone stations in the Netherlands .
It was three months ago .
I still have no answer to these questions .
Now this is a sensitive issue and I understand that it is very difficult to answer Commissioner Monti , but the auctions are already taking place during this year .
I would therefore have answered my question in this or next week .
I have already informed the relevant departments on this , but still nothing has happened .
Perhaps you can use me .
I would be happy to help you , but I have noticed that the Commission has taken note of your speech very carefully , and this will certainly have positive consequences .
Madam President , I would also like to say that the Portuguese Members who arrived today with the flight of Lisbon , 45 minutes , had to wait for a car which was sent by the Bhutanese Strasbourg channel to Strasbourg , and then , in addition to the Italian Members who have already been sent there two hours ago .
It is quite unacceptable that the Members are treated as cows or swine away from European rules .
I would also like to say that the Minister of Mr Moscovici told me that there will be two Lisbon conclusions from Lisbon to Strasbourg , but after April France will not be the case in Lisbon .
Who , for example , is higher : a member of the French Government or the French airline industry ?
We will examine this very closely .
Madam President , I would like to thank the Air France for the implementation of the Amsterdam @-@ Strasbourg Joint Assembly , but at the same time , I would like to say that we had probably had to thank the Copenhagen budget .
This was a death , the other bread .
I would like to ask you , Madam President , to consider whether Air France does not have sufficient knowledge in the way that the 48 @-@ year term was justified by the Copenhagen Brussels Strasbourg Committee .
I can tell you that there will be very clear improvements in the next few weeks .
I would like briefly to welcome one of the new Members of the European Parliament , Mr Carlo Ponnambalam , who , as you have already done , will welcome a great deal of success in the same way as you have done , and I wish you well in his work .
So we welcome these colleagues .
Madam President , I would just ask you to pay attention to this .
We sit on 30 people here .
However , if anyone wishes to speak on this side anybody will never take note of this .
Mrs Flemming has put the floor at the beginning .
I just wanted to ask you to look at the right side of the House if you come to speak .
We take account of all the parties in this House , Mrs Schleicher .
You may not be aware of the fact that , after the adoption of the agenda is adopted , you will not be aware of the agenda .
That is a rule which I can say very well .
It has been requested by many Members and as I proposed it , as proposed in my opinion .
Consequently , after the adoption of the agenda , we shall now be adopting a motion for a resolution , which is why we are talking about it .
You will , moreover , not fail to appreciate that there were not many speeches in the case of real control .
However , as I do not know , I shall give the floor entirely to the honourable Members .
Madam President , I would like to inform both of you and the House that last week , a delegation from families in Brussels was held in Brussels last week .
In the speeches with the groups , she has raised the fate of a clear humanitarian point of view .
Thirty @-@ seven years after 1974 , there are still many - thousand cases of people whose fate is unclear .
The people of these people undoubtedly have the right to know what you have done .
Since the efforts , even when the United Nations did not have a result , I would like to ask whether the European Parliament could also use the solution to this problem .
Madam President , would you be so kind as to send a message to my own President of my own constituency in the refrain from my constituency of the world who was speaking around the world ?
I know that a fellow countryman of you , a Frenchman , has won the running .
Congratulations in a very civilised way .
I and many others would be very grateful if you were to congratulate both our name .
Request for the waiver of the immunity of Mr Ribeiro e Castro
The next item is the report by Mr Zimeray ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request to waive Mr José e Castro .
, deputising for the rapporteur .
( ES ) Madam President , Mr Ribeiro e Castro has been punished for its complicity within the framework of a customs settlement between 1982 and following the law in 1982 .
A breakdown in this procedure was a breakdown of the risk practices of a private telecommunications company based on 16 February de Castro ( UNGASS ) based on 16 February de Castro .
It has claimed that the agency for having not had serious reports for and demanding excessive charges for excessive charges .
The agency of Mr Ribeiro e Castro and other employees of hormone @-@ age action , as well as against other employees from overbooking .
The parliamentary immunity is not a spokesperson for a Member of the European Parliament but will guarantee Parliament &apos; s independence and its members with other powers .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market considers that the waiver of parliamentary immunity by the Members concerned is not a condition .
The same applies to the case of February 1995 , which was submitted in May 2000 , and the mandate of Mr Ribeiro e Castro began only on 17 November 1999 .
( FR ) Mr Ribeiro e Castro and the presentation of the motion is a great deal of time ; it is a crime which has always been adopted , and this Parliament has always recognised immunity , and this Parliament has always accepted immunity .
Consequently , the Committee on Legal Affairs requires the European Parliament to approve Article 6 ( 4 ) and 6 of the Rules of Procedure and to examine the reasons for or against the waiver of immunity , Mr Ribeiro e Castro from Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
Mr President , I am surprised that some MEPs have been arrested in the event that a Member of the European Union was arrested in the area of a Member State of the European Union , and I believe that this is an extremely serious matter , which we have just debated and which has been addressed for a long time in the Legal Affairs Committee .
However , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market proposes that the parliamentary immunity of Mr José e Castro should not be waived .
This proposal is based on the content of the Treaties and to some extent the principles of the Treaties and some of them now .
From this point of view , the Committee on Legal Affairs requires Parliament to adopt the report from Mr Zimeray .
However , I cannot , however , wish to point out two problems , and I repeat that this Parliament and all MEPs need to reflect very carefully on this .
The provisions of Articles 9 and 10 concern the workings of the European Community , as Members of Parliament are aware of the national immunity of the national immunity .
We must also realise that , today , the European Parliament has an extremely important role to play in institutional balance , which is why it is extremely important to guarantee its full autonomy to the Member States .
Mr President , I would not like to be forced to ask for any more than one other than my country of origin in any other country as my country of origin , but I believe that the communication to this Parliament is to be seen as clear information from a competent authority .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Night status and unloading operations
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on sensitive periods of law on sensitive periods of time and in unloading operations ( 2000 / Office ) .
Mr President , the accident from the sinking of the oil tanker off the French coast before the French coast has now been extremely serious .
A different form of transport is the public and the policy involved , namely the transport of road transport , in particular and coal and coal .
The environmental damage caused by a ship of this category is comparatively low , but there are much more deaths .
If we look at the accidents with clinical arms : 146 accidents over the past ten years in which soft fishermen are trying to do .
Of these accounts , 69 % more than 15 % more than fifteen years ago .
There are two main reasons for these accidents .
The first is the lack of expertise from the Western world and secondly the bad &apos; constitution &apos; .
It is a damage caused by double hulls on double hulls , which are caused by wrong periods of time .
This problem has been recognised at international level .
The International Maritime Organisation , the IMO , has developed the executive and loyal co @-@ operation of co @-@ operation , the interception method .
This motion for a resolution covers both industrial and non @-@ contractual signs , while and in accordance with the insurance and defence markets .
The IMO is calling for all the countries of the IMO to be able to accept this fascinating co @-@ operation in their own territory .
With regard to the proposal for a directive , the Commission will listen to this call on behalf of the Member States .
You are saying that the coincineration procedure , with some amendments , has to be adopted in the Community legislation .
First of all , the distribution of a representative of the second @-@ class group is the key element of a representative of the Structural Funds , and secondly , the advocates of the competent authorities , the freedom of opinion of the competent authorities in the event of differences between ship and country .
Furthermore , the Commission is proposing to be the counterpart of the &apos; micro @-@ mortem examinations &apos; for ships - that is a super @-@ general principle , including a super @-@ defence code .
The Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism considers that the Commission &apos; s proposal is a step in the right direction .
It will not be able to prevent all accidents , because the serious damage suffered by the European Union is often affected .
However , the sector makes a boost , a responsible , responsible and prudent way to prevent unnecessary activity .
It is precisely because the problem , as well as the sector , has a global dimension , is a global solution .
We therefore support the adoption of the codes of conduct in Community legislation .
It is important that the text of the directive is as close to the benchmark as possible in order to prevent distortions of competition between EU Member States and third countries .
Although we agree with the Commission &apos; s proposal , it is improved in certain areas .
Firstly , in view of the large number of victims , I would like to highlight the need to guarantee the safety of the export system .
In this respect , some improvements are made to the text .
Secondly , the captain will have a high responsibility .
That is why it must be clear about all the information that we have to decide on whether or not to deal with it .
Moreover , the classification societies must be used to protect the societies , as they often have to judge the state of a ship .
However , they only have a situation where they have sufficient information .
Thirdly : the role of the competent authority , which has been seen by irregularities during the polling d or married office .
It must be obliged to break the process down to the process to ensure safety of ship and export .
Fourthly , it is widely known that the capacity of port ports , the transportation of oil products or transit , is not enough in the Member States .
This directive makes an additional contribution to the executive authorities .
The Commission must therefore ensure that these tasks are really carried out .
Finally , I would like to say a few comments on Amendments Nos 14 , 13 and 16 , as close to the text of the complacent Convention in order to comply with distortion of competition and lack of clarity .
However , Amendment No 14 does not really coincide with Amendment No 14 .
On Amendment No 13 , there has been a considerable discussion on Amendment No 13 .
BNFL is a tool for the transfer of water .
It does not provide information on the educational and consumer preferences .
In addition , there has already been agreements within the IMO on the compulsory use of a ban on the compulsory use of a tobacco ban .
Its trade agreement will be included in the Erika .
If a traffic on night flights is used , it is the job of the ship @-@ generated vehicle , and it is also the job of cleaning up the transportation of water .
It does not , of course , have the knowledge of this .
In short , you will understand that I do not agree with Amendment No 13 .
I hope that the reasons for this are well @-@ intentioned .
I certainly cannot support Amendment No 16 by Mr Simpson and Mr Fava .
In this respect , non @-@ EU countries do not belong to countries which have been agreed internationally .
That is not possible .
Moreover , it is work that has been done .
I hope that those who tabled the amendments will not be the least .
If we are , Mr President , this report , Mr President , in a few more vague form , has , in my view , improved the guarantees for the safety of forests and their destruction .
Mr President , allow me to begin by thanking the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , on this excellent report and to thank the Commission for its great commitment on this important issue .
Over recent years , the Commission proposed various measures to improve safety in maritime transport , so it responded to a number of accidents which cause both human beings and environmental damage .
As I have reason for several reasons , I believe that , in various contexts , the European Union has only responded to damage to the detriment of the European Union rather than having done its own efforts .
Following the Erika I was the Erika II , and there are probably still more waiting .
In the coming months of this part @-@ session , Parliament will certainly adopt a position on further reports in this area .
This report concerns safety when it comes to assessing the issue of assessing and unloading operations .
There is no doubt that , over the past ten years , accidents were particularly greatly affected by accidents .
Many reports and statistics confirm that and also the rapporteur .
Over more than half of its occupational ships , the volume of burdens in damage caused by the tobacco industry has often been increased as a result of shortcomings , often by mistake in the educational and defence systems .
The International Social Court of the United Nations ( IMO ) has dealt with this problem in the past ten years .
In a special report , it laid down the Member States , classification societies and shipowners to ensure greater errors on the shop and defence .
In this context , there are also a number of transitional measures proposed .
Mr President , it is important to see this problem in a wider context .
The number of transport is rising .
A more proportion of Central and Eastern Europe is imported from Central and Eastern European countries .
This development will soon have a high priority to do with the implementation of the cargo .
This applies not only to the transport infrastructure but also for other maritime transport and other transportation .
The shortcomings in the implementation of the cargo are experiencing more pollution problems in transport transport and on roads and railways .
The Commission should therefore draw up proposals to solve these problems .
In this respect , however , it is a global issue , not primarily a problem of the European Union , but it is also important that the Commission should follow the issue of this type of type in the IMO and in other international contexts .
Mr President , I would be grateful if the Commissioner could comment on what initiatives the Commission will take on this important issue .
Mr President , on behalf of my group , I would like to see a positive approach to both the nature of the Commission , i.e. the directive , and the content of the proposal .
As far as this is concerned , international organisations have already been adopted : there have already been international organisations and rules for a very controversial activity , which , unfortunately , Mr Stenmarck , who , unfortunately , has suffered suffer from the rapporteur and Mr Stenmarck .
However , these provisions are not binding , as the Commission has reminded us , and this is the problem .
That is why we need to intervene at European level with a code of conduct which provides for them to be based on all Member States .
In the context of setting up European legislation , the Commission is right to turn to the international rules , and in particular on the electoral process , the Commission must pay attention to the prevention of accidents , and particularly the road safety problem .
The amendments adopted in committee are heading in the right direction . The competent authorities must , above all , have a duty and not just the right to prevent the post @-@ president , which is at risk if the ship is at risk .
It is also important for damage to which the security or operation of the ship could be carried out clearly by the need for the need and urgency to be made clear .
On the other hand , with regard to the ships , especially those who are still very low @-@ sighted , I tabled the major problems which Mr Simpson and Mr Fava put forward on behalf of the word &apos; experience &apos; and &apos; experience &apos; with regard to the word &apos; experience &apos; .
Finally , it is important that this legislation should enter into force as quickly as possible and that the Member States use their real application .
Indeed , despite the fact that , despite the current European and international regulations , there is always a lack of implementation in the Member States in the Member States .
We therefore agree with the Commission &apos; s request that these regulations should apply from the Member States from 1 January 2003 .
Mr President , I would also like to thank Mr Van Dam for his report .
We support the Commission proposal .
There are indeed international rules , a sort of voluntary convention , which does not , however , be sufficiently adhered to or not adequately .
When we talk about safety in the field of business , we note that there are a lot of accidents connected with accident accidents .
This is why it is necessary to do something about this .
We therefore support Mr Van Dam &apos; s report .
My group has two comments .
We will not support the proposal concerning the inclusion of Amendment No 13 .
What we are talking about here is the issue of assessing and unloading operations from ships and not to state vessels .
The problem of copyright is not , therefore , being discussed .
It concerns the Erika II package , where BNFL is subject to BNFL .
Secondly , I tabled an amendment on Article 8 .
Quite simply we have a duty to suspend or break up the law .
I think this is appropriate .
I also welcome the fact that the Member States can determine who is guilty of these tests .
However , if an attack on the monitoring of these competences has been carried out , it may also be the commercial interest of the highest interest in the medium and cutting age of ships , and that is something we do not manage .
Therefore , in our opinion , the Member States should also be able to carry out this control of the inspection authorities in certain cases .
In addition from these two points , we can support the proposals in general .
Safety at sea is extremely important .
We must invest in this .
I have noticed , Mr President , that you have said that there should also be investment in people , both in the people that have to be controls , port reception facilities and other controls , and , in my view , this is an important element in order to increase safety at sea .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr van Dam .
It is a very good report .
The Commission too has done good work in the context of accidents such as the Erika , but above all in the context of the available knowledge that 8 000 ships do not fulfil standards and constitute a great deal of unrest on our seas .
As I said , in ten years , paragraph ships have fallen .
This means dead people .
This also means that many parts of the seas can be polluted .
Of this paragraph accidents accidents - as several Members have already mentioned - one third of the damage caused by double hulls and one third of the river .
We do not need to go into the road safety sector now .
This is what we have done before , particularly the damage caused by double hulls .
On the knowledge that a ESA must be established together with the operators of the operators responsible for the operators , which must be taken into account , and that compliance must be carried out in respect of that amendment .
However , we would like to go back to the Commission , because anyone in certain European ports is in the process of steel , in the steel sector and in terms of housing and defence .
It will not only be the case that the cargo is located in terminals , it will also be used in the vessels , and they will be affected by the same damage .
In my opinion , this report seems to be a solution to which anyone who has to do what is to do the whole problem of education is not yet solved .
It has not been mentioned , however , that a proportion of journey is part of the car industry .
It is not being told that a ship has been identified through a ship @-@ based or medium @-@ sized market .
In view of the fact that , more than 15 years ago , there are ships over 15 years - remind you of this - that the age of oil tankers have not always reached a point - and we noted that the age of age is not always a mention - the fact that the age of these accidents will have to be covered by the fact that the majority of these accidents will have to be covered .
Finally , I would like to say that we agree with the way in which the other problems in the report are solved relating to the ISO quality control directive and , above all , Community law , which has now been adopted by a few of the States .
Madam President , first of all I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the entire Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for the work carried out in this directive .
This is a directive which , as the rapporteur has made clear , is to adopt the so @-@ called &apos; co @-@ contained co @-@ operation &apos; co @-@ contained co @-@ operation of Community legislation , and this co @-@ operation would have to be applied on the subject of the International Trade Organisation &apos; s handling of the rules which have already been applied in the IMO .
Having said this , I should like to say that we can accept most of the amendments proposed by the rapporteur and the various groups , i.e. Amendments Nos 2 , 5 , 10 and 15 in their entirety .
We accept the principle of Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 11 and 12 , but the conditions are to be reviewed .
However , we cannot accept Amendments Nos 4 , 13 , 14 and 16 for reasons which I would like to explain at the moment .
Firstly , since Amendment No 4 has to be carried out in accordance with Amendment No 4 , the competent authority must be able to be able to be able to be able to provide an impact on the shop and the distribution of data .
We cannot accept this amendment if we take account of the principle of subsidiarity .
We should not interfere in the responsibilities of the Member States which have to have sufficient room to appoint the competent authorities to guarantee the proper implementation of the directive and the establishment of the arts and the existence of the arts in the event of conflict .
We reject Amendment No 13 because , with the representative of the representative of the European Union , it is important to carry out the monitoring of the provisions of the state @-@ to @-@ art phase or to provide an interim service to be collected .
I would like to make it clear that , in particular , we will be able to ensure that , in particular , we will be able to ensure that the Structural Funds are protected in all respects .
Certainly , at stages , but at all costs .
Specifically , the intention is to ensure that the Structural Funds are introduced on the new vessels from 1 July 2002 , which is already covered by the public service , which is already used by 1 000 2007 and in the service of 1 000 2007 and 20 000 shipments from 1 January 2007 .
Amendment No 14 , which deals with one aspect of the technical revolution , is contrary to the principle of verifiable co @-@ operation , such a definition of rules and harmonised rules on sensitive aspects of the vessel and the latter , because it refers to the principles of the vessel and the representative of the directive .
Finally , we cannot accept Amendment No 16 which calls for qualifications to be introduced for the impunity @-@ withdrawn Convention , which is not included in the 1995 Convention ( international Convention on standards for training , the possession of plastic crew and the beauty of sailors ) .
Finally , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr van Dam , and the entire committee once again for their work .
This is another aspect of the initiatives presented throughout the Commission in order to improve the requirements of the safety requirements in order to increase the requirements of safety at sea , even though it is difficult to prevent all the environmental disasters , even though it is difficult to prevent all the shipping disasters .
As has already been pointed out , it is precisely in the past ten years that there have been hundreds of displaced persons in the past ten years .
It is clear that we cannot accept this without being able to accept any measures that can ensure that legislation is implemented .
We are not just talking about the problem of marine pollution , which was raised , for example , with double pollution of oil tankers , which we are talking about , namely flight safety flight legislation and ships which our coasts have just started .
In addition , we are once again in the fight against unfair competition , an issue which sometimes involves vessels which do not comply with the rules or to be admitted when it comes to assessing the safety of time and time periods .
I believe that we have listened carefully to all these measures in the Community area with all these measures , and we can say that the year 2000 , the year 2000 , was the year 2000 .
We recently presented measures in order to compensate for evidence in the field of coastal waters in writing , and I assume that the Commission will give the green light to this day .
This year , we will continue our work on the maritime sector and we will continue to give her the necessary impetus , high dynamism and all the necessary momentum to create a part of this area , so that this area can be accompanied by a portion of the world &apos; s electoral strategy .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Safety in maritime transport and prevention of ships
Mr President , the problems of the safety of maritime transport and the protection of the marine environment from ships have been covered by an increasingly topical issue .
A number of accidents with many of us , but also environmental disasters , have brought us into commitments .
The European Union already has a tool of relevant directives and regulations .
But , at the same time , the European Union must take account of the legislation laid down by international organisations and , in a very short time , it has taken place in order to enable Member States to fulfil their international obligations .
We need to call on the need to rationalise the European Union &apos; s tasks in the field of transport and practise centralisation .
The European Commission therefore submitted two proposals : a proposal for a regulation and a proposal for a directive .
The proposal for a regulation aims to replace the existing committees relating to safety in maritime transport and the prevention of pollution by one committee with a view to replacing the Committee on Legal Affairs in maritime transport .
The other existing committees which have similar tasks will be resolved .
The establishment of this committee is intended to facilitate the implementation of the amendments to the international convention .
In addition , the Committee on Legal Trade , Transport and Tourism pointed out that the Committee on Transport and Safety has been based on its powers under the regulatory procedure , which was based on Council decision No 1999 / legislating .
As you know , this regulatory procedure is , as you know , the European Parliament &apos; s powers , but also the Member States .
At the same time , the European Commission will take a procedure which defends its right to itself when an international amendment increases the level of safety in maritime transport or reduced .
In order to do this , they are automatically in force in order to apply the provisions of the international Convention in maritime transport . It is only possible for the Committee on maritime Safety to be excluded from the level of safety required in the European Union .
This is the idea behind Article 4 of the proposal for a regulation .
The proposal for a directive aims to include a reference to the &apos; Committee on maritime Safety &apos; in the directives , which is clearly necessary .
The European Commission &apos; s proposal is to be welcomed because it is a attempt to rationalise and improve the monitoring of Community legislation in matters of maritime safety and the prevention of pollution .
Some of the amendments are intended to make the text clearer and that the rights of the European Parliament will be guaranteed on participation in the regulatory procedure .
Finally , I would like to thank the members of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism for their exceptionally constructive observations and for the support of my draft report .
Mr President , the contributions made this evening by the speeches that we attach to the fight against &apos; trade &apos; and I believe that we must continue our efforts .
I also regret a number of time ago about the work of the French Presidency in connection with maritime safety .
I was waiting for a great deal of this presidency because it really was very considerable , but I have been disappointed .
I therefore hope that , because of what we are doing inside Parliament , we will not cease to keep our vigilance with the European Commission , in order to take account of the wording of the Commissioner and to ensure safety in maritime transport .
After all , Europe is far behind the United States &apos; safety area , particularly with regard to the United States , which has been set up before a long time ago .
This is not the case for the rest of the American waters &apos; chocolate exports &apos; , and no effective way of doing it is that other ships continue to suffer the coasts of the coasts before our coasts .
This will , unfortunately , be recorded for month .
I therefore hope that we will shortly be able to adopt a genuine legislative system which is essential to all the necessary measures to protect our environment .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report is a very good report aimed at establishing a Committee on maritime safety , which is a step in the right direction .
This is the first stage in the process of implementing the various instruments , which will replace the five existing committees by means of a single Committee on maritime safety , which will enable the European Union to respond rapidly to developments in international law .
I would like to thank the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , for the amendments I have tabled .
The safety of maritime transport covers a different range of different areas and it was particularly important that the implication of the Committee &apos; s name is to prevent pollution from ships .
The protection against &apos; user &apos; is also concerned with the concern to protect the marine environment and for living and working conditions to ships .
I therefore hope that the European Parliament will be able to follow this recommendation and the Committee on Transport and Safety in maritime transport and the prevention of pollution by ships also gives the opportunity to apply the Community rules in these two other fields .
As soon as possible , I hope that , as soon as possible , we will be able to amend the rules in the event of disasters in the event of disasters , so that the polluter @-@ pays principle can be applied specifically .
We need to monitor the classification societies more closely in order to improve the quality of the checks carried out , and we must also take care to ensure that the amount of a Guarantee Guarantee @-@ Guarantee is taken away from a financial and financial measure .
We have great hope , Commissioner , that we do not carry out the vigilance .
Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to start by thanking you , Commissioner , and your team , Commissioner , for a very constructive and dynamic cooperation .
After all , there is a good example of the last few days .
The final result suffered from European Union ports within the framework of the trans @-@ European networks , especially in the case of a European dimension of ports , which are a European maritime dimension and which is compatible with a European maritime dimension , which is different to the region .
The solution to conciliation is acceptable , but I would ask you to do so in the port of ports at least a good will , because the boundaries are basically arbitrary .
The least @-@ favoured ships will be grateful and thank us .
The Commission and Parliament do not wish to see anything else .
This rubbish is about to discuss proposals to increase safety at sea .
We should not be able to re @-@ establish the situation in the sea .
The disaster in the chain is only the last link in the chain of disasters with its devastating effects on natural and man .
Public accessibility is sensitised and regularly resume the electoral process .
We must make it clear that we have to make it clear that the problem in Europe is late , but it was quite right , after having been ready for years .
Europe is doing something about safety at sea and to prevent pollution .
This must be our clear signal to the IMO and the world today and in the future .
The Commission will submit its proposals almost in record time in time .
We adopted the Erika package in November last year .
The Council reached an agreement at the end of December ; the directive can enter into force in 2002 .
The Erika II stands at the door and I am pleased that the second package will bring about real progress on safety at sea .
But this is the opportunity to point out that there will be a great deal of work on the ground , i.e. the inspectors in classification societies and the destruction of a huge amount .
That was the last week I witnessed with our colleague , Mr Piecyk , in the veterinary port .
The farmers are facing great demands and expectations and we must provide support .
Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report makes a valuable contribution to further progress in security .
It speaks for his persuasive work that the committee was submitting a vote in committee .
I expect the House to vote in favour of the same conviction .
I am not just talking about a large majority , but I am particularly pleased with a broad majority of the Committee on Transport and Safety in maritime transport .
I also support the second part of the Commission document because what is the point of the committee if the present directives and regulations are not changed to the new structure ?
We do not need responsibilities , we need administrative clarity , not a dozen or controversial committees , but a clear , dynamic structure , and I believe that we will make a good and dynamic example in the world .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as has already been mentioned by the rapporteur , two proposals from the Commission are being dealt with by the Commission today : the first is the establishment of one person &apos; s Committee on maritime safety and the second directive to amend the existing directives in connection with the introduction of this committee .
The aim of all this is , as the honourable Members have pointed out , to improve the adaptation of existing Community legislation in the field of maritime transport and the protection of the marine environment in the field of maritime transport and on technical progress .
We from the Group of the Party of European Socialists in support of these proposals in order to simplify and welcome the proposal that the current five committees should be replaced by one single person .
This committee will certainly contribute to an effective and consistent participation of international law in Community law .
This means , therefore , that both in the name and the mandate of the committee , the two concepts of safety in maritime transport and the prevention of pollution are included .
I would like to end by commenting on another point of view , namely the involvement of the European Parliament in these initiatives .
It is essential to ensure the right of the European Parliament to participate in the regulatory procedure .
That is why we urge the Commission to ensure that Parliament is always able to monitor the activities of committees and hence the actual new Committee on safety in maritime transport .
This is why we are also asking for the future Committee on maritime safety in maritime transport and the prevention of environmental pollution .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos for the successful successful report .
Increased safety is particularly important in maritime transport .
Our Group supports the basic lines of the report .
The proposed regulation and the directive make it easier to play international changes in Community law in matters of maritime safety .
The problem was already before us during the forthcoming period that the Community legislation has been slow .
The purpose of the proposal is to overcome the problems mentioned .
The procedures must indeed be simplified .
The amalgamation of the two working committees in a Committee on maritime transport is a real measure in order to make the treatment of matters clearer .
Similarly , the safety standards for maritime transport should meet the minimum requirements , and the advantage of the content of the regulation is to clarify and increase legal certainty .
In the future , we must ensure that , in particular , the procedures for the Member States to implement the agreements and Community law are facilitated in matters of maritime safety .
However , we must ensure that the Member States &apos; ability to take action in the curricula of the IMO is taken .
In future , the principle must apply to the fact that the International Research Authority will be able to hold international work on maritime safety if international agreements , conclusions and regulations are decided .
Mr President , Commissioner , in my group , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , Mr Bakopoulos , is in full agreement with his report .
We are also pleased to congratulate the Commission on its proposal and we welcome the creation of this Committee on maritime safety in maritime transport , which will promote the application of 12 directives and three regulations in an excellent way .
Commissioner , you are committed to ensuring that the earth , the earth and the sea , and ultimately you will achieve it .
I naturally hope that you will succeed .
Our group will support you in this .
As far as I am concerned , the most important and fundamental principle must be applied in order to ensure that these directives , these regulations and the international conventions are set up a higher level of coordination , as proposed by this Committee on maritime transport .
We will have a number of recommendations .
In our opinion , this Committee should not only be a committee , one of which is more or less efficient , but it must include the sensitivities of non @-@ governmental organisations , environmental organisations , trade unions , which will all be reflected .
We therefore expect the committee to concentrate special emphasis on these areas , and I would like to ask you two questions : how will the work between the Committee on Legal Affairs and the European Agency for safety in maritime transport and the European Agency for safety .
Will this committee also deal with the three legislative initiatives of the Erika II programme ?
Mr President , the chief establishment of the Committee on Legal Affairs in maritime transport , on the pretext that a better application of legislation on the safety of vessels , the protection of the marine environment and the quality and working conditions on the board , makes it clear to the contrary .
The European Commission &apos; s proposals contain procedural provisions which undermine the role of such international organisations such as the International Criminal Court and the International Labour Organisation .
In fact , it won the refusal of the Member States of the European Union to participate in the adoption or implementation of Amendments international conventions or resolutions , although they would be acting as a signatory to the international act .
As a passive of the interests of European big business , the European Commission is faced with the transformation of international law , which has been developed on the basis of the war in the war and , indeed , the lives of people and the environmental protection of monopolies .
We are not only concerned with the intention behind these measures , but also against individual measures which are not effective and to counteract the fierce response of the public , state @-@ trade and trade union , and environmental organisations and environmental organisations .
Furthermore , the attempt to create the European Centre in the field of economic policy and the environment , in trade with other superpowers , such as the United States , Japan and Australia , is undermining its own mechanism for control of sea transport and to enforce its preferences .
This leads to general principles of discrimination , which are very much at risk of discrimination , the effective and essential safety of maritime transport .
The main problem for the safety of ships and , in particular , oil is the biggest feature of the economic and policy @-@ related policy , which is both beneficial at national , regional and international level .
This limit on borders is not only the case , it will even increase .
An obvious example of this is the conditions on the flag under flags of convenience which are directly responsible for safety in maritime transport and the main responsibility for most and worst accidents .
In our opinion , the safety of ships , passengers , flight flight legislation and environmental protection , must be accompanied by decisive efforts to tackle the electoral process and take forceful measures in the IMO , which is , in fact , heavily trampled upon in the IMO and in the international conventions .
This policy must be adapted to the composition of the programmes for the vessels to be adapted to the vessels in order to improve the quality of life and working conditions and the right of flight legislation and the trade unions .
Thank you , Mr Staes .
The President wanted to welcome you before your first speech in this House and to thank you for your activities as a Member .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his comprehensive report .
As a Member of the European Parliament , which represents the east coast of Ireland , I am particularly angry at the scale of oil tankers in the Irish Sea .
In the last few years , two transport transportation from the Netherlands in the flood of veterinary equipment and Sellafield , which are produced by British Nuclear Fuels , are to be carried out in the next few years .
At the same time , the German Government has declared that they intend to discontinue the acceleration of transport by road to change and to continue this transportation until 1 July 2005 .
This means that the number of such transportation will increase .
Even if the last two years have been massive counterfeiting of documents by BNFL , the transportation of the transportation of documents to Japan has now returned once again .
The fact is , despite the fact that BNFL alone has been evidence of a violation of USD 60 million for this crime .
I am particularly satisfied that international resistance to Japan is increasing ever more deeply .
It is precisely in order to use a situation where a British ship was used to buy a British ship with impunity , such as those that were released during the disaster in Chernobyl .
The Pacific armed forces , a ship of British Nuclear Fuels , will be quick to be able to be able to be able to hold up the electoral process as a whole , since the captain should be able to take the experimental of the brakes on the river at Runnymede on 90 tables on the environment .
I think that the countries of the OSPAR Convention should now build on wider international links with other countries in the world of Western Atlantic and African countries , including countries in South America and African countries .
The European Union must carry out an environmental impact assessment in the construction of new roads , water and water management systems and environmental management .
To date , the British Government is refused to implement an international environmental impact assessment on the most important risks for the environment and human health .
I now call on the British Government to initiate a full and comprehensive environmental impact assessment which will require the ecological risks to the transport of technical material in the Irish Sea .
It should also be evaluated by the European Commission .
- ( FR ) I want to make a point - and I will conclude - that reprocessing from Sellafield will be remedied .
In the meantime , however , an international convention must be concluded which stipulates the safety standards for such transportation .
My praise is to the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , for his report .
Mr President , Madam Vice @-@ President of the Commission , the three minutes I have allocated to me are very much in favour of my position , because this report , at least , is not controversial and that any difference is the rule which confirms the rule .
In international conventions , the Commission will work on the basis of a rejection of the new &apos; Committee on maritime safety &apos; , or , in the case of the proposal , that is to say that the provisions automatically come into force .
In my opinion , this procedure has improved today &apos; s state of affairs and creates legal certainty .
In this respect , I believe that Mr Bakopoulos has not proposed his amendments to the importance and presence of Parliament , but only a few amendments have been presented , and only a few amendments submitted to Parliament &apos; s participation in the regulatory procedure .
We are all here in this Chamber , Commissioner , in my opinion , fewer support for the report by Mr Bakopoulos , who is , of course , more sensitive to the safety of maritime transport .
The three first reports of the Erika I have been on maritime safety at sea , on maritime safety , the closure of vetches , the proposal on copyright and the third proposal on the electoral table , we are all familiar with quickly .
We are going to deal with the Erika II package with the three separate arrangements .
In this respect I believe that the Commission &apos; s initiatives in this respect are in general pressure to act more quickly , more quickly and more vigorously , and , finally , it would prefer to use solutions at international level which we always consider desirable and regional solutions .
Once again , Mr Bakopoulos .
It is equally useful that the right for the use of the proposal for a directive on the basis of universal bodies should be set up and only to adopt such provisions in Community law which will contribute to the quality of the desire to secure safety .
It is clear that the two proposals from the Commission aim to facilitate the implementation of the amendments to the European Union in order to facilitate the implementation of the provisions of the convention and , therefore , to implement policy in maritime transport as a new one .
The rapporteur &apos; s excellent work and , in the spirit of our working time , in the spirit of the European Commission &apos; s original intention , certain amendments to prevent the prevention of marine pollution from ships and the living conditions of the marine environment , which are undoubtedly closely linked to maritime safety .
The report under discussion also provides for the report to be included in the proposal for a directive which establishes the role of the European Parliament , which is why it must be considered .
In general terms , the Commission has made a more general effort to make more efficient use of resources in the field of maritime transport and the prevention of the marine environment .
In our opinion , the authors of the report and our links with supplementary and additional amendments will be accepted by all members of the House .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , the issues of safety in maritime transport and environmental protection have moved greatly over a year ago .
Although the environmental disaster has been a disaster for European transport networks , it had many positive consequences .
The public debate , which was associated with the accident , and the growing political pressure has led the Commission to monitor the control of legislation in the Union in relation to maritime transport .
In fact , the Commission has managed to present a number of proposals to improve safety in maritime transport , Parliament and the Council .
As my colleagues have already done , I would also like to thank you , Commissioner de Palacio , for your active contribution .
I would also like to thank you for the fact that you have been able to set up a thematic network of Internet short sea shipping as an important initiative by the regional authorities in general .
During the wreck , and in particular the European Union had very comprehensive rules governing safety of ships and the prevention of pollution by ships .
The fact is that it probably has never been the disaster of the Erika , when all the regulations already exist and that they were also monitored in compliance with it .
The Commission &apos; s proposal , which concerns the current committees , to replace safety in maritime transport by one committee is also welcome .
At the same time , the responsibility is clearly given to the Committee on Budgets .
The new committee must also monitor the implementation of the legislation and ensure that the Union is actively represented in the IMO and other international organisations .
With regard to the amendment of the regulation , the Commission takes the right to ensure that a international change in the rules is based on European maritime safety .
I support the Commission proposal in relation to the proposed procedure .
However , as the rapporteur points out in his report , it is particularly important , as the rapporteur points out in his report , to take part in the subject of the regulatory procedure .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Bakopoulos , on his excellent work and the efficiency and efficiency that has been adopted with this process .
I would also like to thank all the speakers and especially Mrs Grossetête who has expressed the opinion of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , and I would like to thank all the speakers for their contributions and your support .
Ladies and gentlemen , your congratulations to the Commission for the excellent work that has been done throughout this year on maritime transport will be sent to the services of the Directorate @-@ General for Energy and Transport , which undoubtedly sought to meet the increasing demands of our citizens .
They have , of course , already made these demands before , but the Erika disaster has carried out a kind of frustration .
As quite rightly said , this proposal is to replace the committees responsible for maritime safety at the moment . It is therefore an attempt to simplify , clarification and coherence .
They will all be replaced by one committee . On the other hand , the updating of Community legislation in the field of sea transport is intended to facilitate the development of international conventions .
I would like to reiterate my appreciation for your work and your proposals , specifically in the amendments which remind us that the European Parliament has a crucial role to play within the framework of the framework of the market .
The Commission will accept all these amendments , which have been covered by the Convention between the institutions , and the documents set out in the wording of the texts .
Let us also thank Parliament for the fact that the only committee , which we propose , is not only concerned with maritime safety , but also with the prevention of pollution caused by the committee .
We can , however , be able , although we are prepared to include the prevention of ships from ships in general , to protect the marine environment in general .
This is simply the case that this protection of the marine environment can also cause pollution which caused pollution from the rivers into the marine environment , such as the pollution from the rivers , which may cause pollution from the rivers , which may cause pollution .
This is why we cannot accept this general definition , which would involve another type of responsibility which the committee does not control , but which , of course , we can take , is the specific addition of the prevention of pollution by ships .
We accept Amendments Nos 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 and 10 in their entirety .
Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 7 and 11 must simply be made a few changes .
It is not acceptable to accept Amendments Nos 5 and 12 , because I am just referring to this aspect of the protection of the marine environment in connection with other problems than maritime safety .
Before closing , I should like to say that , as Mrs Grossetête has pointed out , we must not slacken .
We must send the whole landscape of sea transport , which , as I have pointed out on other occasions , is not the same as the number of vessels or the quality of the goods of goods and the quality and ingredients of these freight products which were possible one hundred years ago .
Mr Fitzsimons , for example , I referred to the problem of the transport problem , and , of course , we have included in the discussion of the Erika II package .
Specifically , in the directive on the incineration directive , the need for the co @-@ regulatory procedure to be taken account of the co @-@ regulatory procedure , that is to say the content of radioactive materials .
We also see - and I should like to respond to Mrs Langenhagen and Mr Hatzidakis - that if there is a worldwide global sector , there has been maritime transport .
However , air transport has also been a greater tradition .
That is why we must ensure that the International Water Agency is given the utmost demands .
In this sense , the countries of the Union , when the police attack on International Civil Aviation Policy , Transport and Tourism , are working on the transfer of housing and safety requirements and the safeguards of the marine environment and guaranteeing safety flight flight crews .
Mr Bautista Ojeda , I would like to say that the Agency for safety of sea and the Committee on maritime Safety has different competences .
The task of the latter is strictly targeted on Community legislation on maritime safety and is limited to the Commission &apos; s proposals to update the relevant directives and regulations .
Consequently , the legislative function failed to hold a legislative function while the agency in turn has no legislative function and does not intervene in the legislation , although it may be possible to submit proposals .
It is a body of technical assistance for the Member States and the Commission , and this is a body which is used as an observatory for the application of Community legislation , as defined in the dissemination of information and transparency .
But it has no legislative function .
Consequently , there are two different approaches .
I believe that the involvement of ports into the trans @-@ European networks , as someone else said in another speech , is a basic key element in furthering the integration or integration of all transport systems in the intermodal system which we all want to achieve .
I would like to finish by thanking you for your contributions and for your work .
Just a few moments ago , Mrs Langenhagen said that the inspectors in ports do huge work .
Well , I believe that you , ladies and gentlemen , and , of course , the Commission responsible for maritime transport recently work very hard .
Interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail systems
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Council &apos; s common position on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European conventional rail system ( C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 ) , in 1999 , Mr Savary .
- ( FR ) I would like to thank you , Mr President , for the second reading of a report which is very important for the future of the railways in Europe and for the implementation of a Europe of rail .
The last few months under the presidency &apos; s presidency will undoubtedly prove to be crucial to the future of European transport .
Once again , the conciliation procedure on the Swoboda / commerce report has now opened up openness or liberalisation , which is something we would like to see .
We must now overcome the lack of technical coherence in various areas , and that is , of course , not quite simply , but the networks have been using the networks with great national and isolated types of technical and fatal nature .
The real aim of this draft directive is to guarantee technical and environmental interoperability between the fifteen different European networks .
The situation is very complex at present .
There are fifteen 15 , five to six different types of beneficiary , different equipment , gauges , procedures , different types of separate information systems of the different railway undertakings of the different railway undertakings , which make a certificate of more high appeal .
While the opening up of road traffic has been easy , it was easy to rectify the loopholes that have been identified immediately , but all these technical obstacles are still available to the railways .
In 1996 , a first directive was adopted in 1996 which was implemented easier by a new network , namely the high @-@ speed High network , and this illustrates today how to proceed in terms of how to proceed .
In this respect , therefore , it was decided to have agreed with the railway undertakings , the undertakings responsible and the industry for all the transport of technical specifications for the interoperability of the railways .
There are no specification for anyone who , in turn , will have a specification for the individual components in order to get the individual components .
We have a huge amount of work and we have chosen to adopt a high @-@ speed approach .
Since the work is taken so much time , it is important where there is no difficulty and a good cost @-@ effectiveness ratio in the way of making progress .
The methodology is basically based on the following procedure : identifying the various measures to achieve interoperability and assessment of costs and benefits , whether each measure should be implemented at a later date .
Progress must , of course , be made , particularly with regard to exchange of information , the procedures which may be achieved in the field of cross @-@ border transport , and at a later date , in the context of a convergence process , the problems in the context of a convergence process will be brought to light as a result of a convergence process .
I believe , ladies and gentlemen , that I would like to thank all Members who helped this report , because we have done a considerable job at first reading .
46 amendments have been tabled and Parliament voted on it .
Of all 46 amendments - and I would like to commend the Council and the Commission &apos; s estimates - the Commission and the Commission will be able to approve 33 @-@ based legislative processes which will end up with a broad legislative process .
Indeed , the Council and the Commission have adopted a large number of amendments in the vote with the users and the staff , the incorporation of the candidate States from the start of the work and a clear correction to the derogation because some countries have fully met derogations .
The Council has also made a very important contribution to the issue of safety and access to people with limited mobility in the future .
I personally welcome the fact that we were so quick to draft a highly ambitious document with which the Europe of Europe is really going to take over the road .
There are still two crucial questions to answer , Commissioner .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we have voted on the so @-@ called railway package two weeks ago and we were agreed that this is a great achievement for Parliament and the European Community .
Tomorrow we will vote on the Savary report on interoperability in Europe at second reading .
The harmonisation of technical standards is the necessary and essential prerequisite to guaranteeing safe cross @-@ border rail transport .
At first reading , all the parties have issued a great deal of work and work in this very technical Commission , and I would like to extend warm thanks to the rapporteur , Mr Savary .
Efforts have been made by the Council to come up with a few exceptions , all Parliament &apos; s amendments .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats take up their positions in a large proportion of the amendments which have been tabled by the Council , and this is why we have no further amendments at second reading .
I had an amendment tabled by Parliament at first reading , but it was not accepted by the Council in committee .
No three votes are missing .
It was intended to establish that consents and certification should be carried out for the inspection of independent external actions .
This amendment , in addition to the economic interests of some Member States , is the subject of a lack of economic interests in some Member States , many serious incidents which may be due to an inadequate examination .
These authorisations and tests have been carried out and are , in part , not carried out by independent third countries .
All the parties , including the Commission , expressed great sympathy for this point in committee .
However , the wordings that now have been chosen in Articles 18 and Annex 7 , which are in a way that we cannot be able to take account of our concerns today .
The Commission &apos; s commitment , independent and advertising authorisation and maintenance of tobacco growers , deserves a good compromise today , and we will not table any further compromise in plenary today .
However , we will be very attentive to the future era in future of whether or not the Commission agrees with the promises made .
.
I would , of course , like to congratulate Mr Savary on his very good work which is so good that we can already conclude it and not even to the exciting conciliation procedure which I was pleased about .
I am very pleased , however , and it has already been pointed out that we have been able to adopt the railway package which we were able to adopt recently and which , Mr Jarzembowski , and I myself have sent a great deal of work together on the part of the Commissioner .
Not only is a compromise compromise but a truly sound package .
Secondly , is the question : should we be able to stand up ?
Is this what things are done in the field of railways ?
Mr Savary has already pointed out that there are still certain openly open .
The Commissioner has already announced in relation to the question of opening up the market in goods and passenger transport , and I think that this is a very important issue , and I consider this to be the subject of working conditions and environmental conditions .
The big problem is competition between rail and road .
What we have now made is that we have to make the railways more competitive .
All those who speak always speak of competition must be said : competition means that competition is , or must , be the same as the conditions of competition , the conditions of competition , and that is certainly not the case with rail and road .
If we talk about sustainable development , we are talking about sustainable development and the environment in the context of a request for the European Union to reduce this anti @-@ discrimination package , in the context of a proposal on the European Union &apos; s dependence on energy discrimination , in particular the railways .
I am not aware of the fact that , as far as rail is concerned , it would be a great deal of mean that , if we were to give railways the same competition as the road in terms of road .
However , these issues are crucial in relation to enlargement .
If we look at the situation in the candidate countries in the candidate countries , as is bad , we must make every effort to resolve these problems not only at European Union level but also at the level of candidate countries .
It is true that the European Union &apos; s best and indirect system of integration in the western part of this continent is nothing more than that , if we are not at the same time as in eastern and south @-@ east Europe , and the European Union must also make a great contribution to this .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate Mr Savary on the magnificent work he has done on this important but difficult issue and for a successful report .
This report , together with the liberalisation of the railways , is a breakthrough in the development of European railways .
It was launched during the Finnish Presidency and it has continued to carry out a success of France .
improving the competitiveness of railways is vital to reduce congestion routes and airports .
The development of rail transport is also a step towards the environment of transport .
improving the interoperability of the railway system is a sine qua non for the successful implementation of the railway industry .
It has been too long to criticise Mr Savary , but now Mr Savary has managed to solve these difficult tactics .
A great deal remains to be done , but it is now the beginning .
Our group supports Mr Savary &apos; s proposal to endorse the Council &apos; s common position in this form .
They have been taken into account in Parliament &apos; s most important amendments and it can therefore be achieved quickly .
At the same time , we must not forget that the interoperability of the railway networks is a procedural one .
It is therefore important to draw up a timetable and lay down a timetable and set the networks which are really essential .
I also want to thank Mr Savary for having recognised the special requirements of Finland .
The compromise reached on the use of Russian wagons in transport between Finland and Russia does not fall into the objectives which the report lays down , but safeguards on the part of the Union &apos; s accession to the Union of Europe .
I believe that the significance of this solution for the whole of the Union will become apparent if it begins to use the huge natural resources in the north @-@ west of Russia .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Savary , I think that we should do this without a debate , but a debate is well @-@ intentioned .
There has been a delicate dialogue .
They call for a good dialogue with both sides of industry , with the social partners , but you have also acted exemplary , with the result that a product is already available to us , with the result that a product is available to us .
We are basically talking about such an anti @-@ terrorist attack .
That is a part of liberalisation , opening international transport , which we have spoken before .
There are two forms of interoperability , which means that transport is possible between countries with different systems .
There are three three things .
I have spoken briefly about this in the last time .
As far as certain three - and that is not just the resignation of this Commission , we have been working hard to work in the coming time , but we believe that the emission standards and the road transport package will be improved .
As everyone knows , the standards for lorries have been tightened up , and that means that relative advantage is made for the railways , and it also means that it would be preferable to work on the part of these emission standards .
I would like to make a few more brief points , a few more small points .
We are now waiting for huge investments to be made in this area .
Subsidies , they have already been mentioned in Recital 9 , which has already been mentioned by the State and the industry .
The state , and then we are at the same time talking about it , which has just been mentioned , on another package of external costs .
There is still a need to provide a certain level of support for this industry to be able to keep to this industry on the one hand , but it will be supported .
It may seem ridiculous , but this is something we have to keep in our debates on the White Paper well .
The second question which I ask is whether the Commission has consulted its reports with the two sides of industry and to carry out investigations on the implementation of interoperability , particularly the necessary qualifications of the railway sector .
I do not know whether this investigation has now been published and what it has done for the future .
We have to talk about a certain language .
What language will we talk about ?
English , as in the international Maritime industry or aviation , ?
Or will it also be English for rail transport ?
If this is the case , then I now propose that we should only speak English in Parliament .
This simplifies the whole communication .
Mr President , in the wake of the parliamentary debate on 16 May last year , Mr Savary pointed out that modernisation , expansion of the telecommunications industry and internationalisation of railway systems , only a proposal for consultation with a view from the end of the previous century .
This trend was caused by a Corsican state , which makes itself unnecessary through liberalisation and privatisation .
The rapporteur has made it clear that there is no need for an electoral campaign to be led by the persistence of directors or the equivalent of land involved , which is separate from the rest of Europe .
Many of what we decided at the time has now been taken by the Council .
I congratulate the rapporteur on this .
In contrast to Mr Jarzembowski &apos; s proposals , my group agrees with the results .
I have now received the technical details of the proposal and I would ask you to pay attention to the problems of continuing problems .
For developments , which still threaten the coherence of Europe &apos; s railways , we have to keep a blind eye .
In the nineteenth century , the difference between the different track track and insurance systems could be avoided as a European whole .
In doing so , it is not only the individual States who are responsible for this , but also the mutual rights of railway undertakings .
In the European Union , the Pyrenees are still operating within the European Union , but the Pyrenees must also become a national ones .
In the 20th century there was the electrification and the security arrangements that the railway network also faces .
During the border leave , the limit has had to be taken away from the other test because of other voltage labels .
The threats of the 21st century are in a combination of technical development and competition .
As a result , it has recently been said that the railway network would go back once again in Germany .
In the Netherlands , there are still still such a link to such a link from Amsterdam @-@ Environment , although there is no prospect that they will have more teeth and Hamburg to Berlin to Berlin .
In many respects , this technology may well be , in the short term , a system which , in short , involves the other network .
The interests of individual companies who want to use their latest technology should not be the decisive factor .
Despite the competitiveness of Europe , the disintegration of the railways goes beyond .
The International Oil Pollution Authority is becoming increasingly high .
Far from the point of view of the country of departure , they have to go too far outside the country of departure .
Not so long ago , a train was taken to Athens from Cologne to Athens , from Paris to Lisbon and from Amsterdam to Copenhagen .
It is now no longer possible .
Twenty months ago , the Stockholm sitting was taken over four months .
In addition to technical measures , we urgently need to end this fragmentation of rail transport .
It is equally unacceptable that railway transport should include passengers for large distances involving distances and freight transport .
Mr President , there is a growing need for the internal market in the railway structures to grow in the railway structures .
The 15 Member States of the European Union have four different distinct systems and 15 different systems .
In ten years &apos; time , the Union is likely to have 25 or 27 Member States , and also the differences in the systems .
This problem cannot be used simply by using new solutions and apparently modern solutions .
With regard to the opening of the longest combined combined and Europe @-@ wide combined Partnership and Denmark , we need to believe that the problem of the face of the face of the face of social systems has also been solved .
The reverse is the case , and Denmark has a soft , completely different &quot; .
Unfortunately , it has been said that the Swedish railways have been left in the right direction .
There are various reasons for the serious differences between the countries of Europe in this field , and all these are historic .
One reason is that the individual countries have had their railways at different times ; another person has been aware of the fact that it should never be possible to go through the trains of foreign territory .
Today , in the current Europe , where we are now talking about four freedoms and where the free movement of goods , persons , services , services and capital across borders will be an obstacle to the problem .
It is therefore necessary to stop removing barriers to all sorts of facilities .
We need to strive for harmonisation and , in different areas , as it were so helpful , &quot; chocolatl &quot; .
The Commission &apos; s initiative towards gradual harmonisation of rail systems is therefore very important .
One of the first measures , of course , is the trans @-@ European rail systems .
It is important for us to keep two lessons from our work in our work .
The first is that this work will not be able to deal with this morning , and it will not end up with high costs , especially if we are subsequently going to move on to the trans @-@ European networks .
In addition , we must ensure that we are able to achieve this together with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe in the long term .
Secondly , at least the short @-@ term solutions can be possible without the fact that all countries have the same railway system .
All trains who are already borders in Europe today - thanks to the possibility of using new technology in the way of new technology .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is an excellent example of how the European Parliament has succeeded in making decisions such as the interoperability of the railway system in the European Union and to avoid the conciliation of the conciliation and a third reading .
I would therefore like to congratulate Mr Gilles Savary on his entire course of association throughout his day , his expertise and the fact that it has succeeded in strengthening the position of the European Parliament in order to achieve more important provisions such as social provisions .
This is a lesson to those who want to cut our Parliament &apos; s intervention in favour of a rapid decision @-@ making process .
This directive , which was supplemented at the last mini @-@ session in Brussels , will hopefully be possible in the way of good intentions in Europe than it is in the case of the good intentions of road transport .
For a country such as Portugal , which is in the extreme south of Europe , the interoperability of rail transport has a fundamental importance .
If we are at the end or at the beginning of the route , it is always dependent on the other countries .
The fight against ports to the Western railway network is a decisive step towards improving the costs of transport , to reduce the costs of transport , to reduce the costs of transport and for the European railway companies .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , although I am particularly pleased with aviation , I am delighted that we have achieved a good outcome , not least the result of Mr Savary &apos; s work .
There is no doubt that the competitiveness of railways must be improved , which is a particularly important role in those who have been identified in the past .
Europe needs a long @-@ term railway policy based on a common goal .
Trains must be made clear , benefit and costs .
We can then agree with the industry and environmental organisations .
This miracle is also possible .
improving the competitiveness of railways must , in particular , be carried out by reduction in the costs of the railways and the increase in the consumer .
At the moment , the taxpayer costs the taxpayer even too much money , irrespective of whether or not they use the train .
It is time that the poor state of affairs is the state of State to move towards a new efficient and progressive business .
Even the railway undertakings are still far from perfect , it is far from being seen in terms of the most weak and weak nature .
On the other hand , the transport of passenger transport is a totally own one and the most important thing is that the supply of transport has been raised .
The draft directive on the proposed draft directive makes sense .
Legislation of technical standards will lead to improving the competitiveness of railways , without causing a negative effect on the position of other forms of competition .
It is also an important factor to define the priorities which have to be carried out by means of an cost @-@ benefit analysis , in addition to which no money is being put to the first stage without any money .
If this directive is not an example of how to give added value to the EU &apos; s external cooperation .
In this respect , I would like to remind you of an important aspect for Finland .
Finland has a long @-@ distance border with Russia over a thousand kilometres .
Approximately 40 per cent of the energy @-@ related hierarchy will be wound up on traffic with Russia .
As Finland and Russia have a common common , but from other EU countries , there are also two Russian members of the European Union , in the light of the Stabex standard .
Finland has been justified , and sometimes none of the accused has been accused of guilt .
But the use of Russian wagons in transport between our countries is that if we send our wagons behind the boundaries , we see that if we are to send our wagons , they often see the time .
It must also be possible to use Russian wagons in the future too .
Mr Savary has also done his best to draw attention to the matter and I would like to thank him for that .
Ladies and gentlemen , there has been enormous progress in relation to rail transport since the invention of oil tankers .
However , we are still far removed from our work .
In the final analysis , I would like to say that I am not in such a way that I am still the case for the last 45 seconds .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is an important thing to say that I can only stress , but I would like to make it clear .
I would therefore like to congratulate my colleague Gilles Savary for his report and for the fact that the directive on the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system has passed beyond Parliament &apos; s proposals .
It was also urgent , because interoperability is the sine qua non for liberalisation , which is the prerequisite and the basis for liberalisation , which we are combining in conjunction with the railway package .
The problems encountered in the conventional rail network are the cause of high @-@ speed national systems in Europe which , and only gradually , can be achieved by means of new transport and change , and , of course , only gradual in terms of new transport methods and , of course , competitive competition with the other modes of transport .
However , the pressure on the future of the railways is needed .
The directive should therefore be implemented quickly .
This is also good in order to create a single market for the environment .
I hope that the planned bodies and procedures for drafting technical specifications will make progress very quickly and concentrate first on the quick turnover : in terms of housing , protection requirements and consumer protection .
The rapporteur and Parliament have also tabled social provisions in addition to the technical specifications of the directive , in order to make the interim decisions of the candidate countries in the preparation of the TSIs .
That is a good thing .
On important matters , I would have liked to see a vote in favour of independent third @-@ party certification as long as we still have monopoly situations in some countries and , of course , of course , of course , of trade in certain countries .
In this context , the reference to subsidiarity appears to me to be , i.e. in connection with questions of security policy .
I am pleased to hear Mrs Jeggle and I hope that this is a question which I would like to make .
Mr President , I would first of all like to say that the Commission has noted that the European Parliament has given the priority of this report and this initiative .
In particular , the European Parliament received the common position adopted on 10 November , and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism had a first draft report on 4 December .
I would also like to express my satisfaction and express my satisfaction at the rapporteur , Mr Savary , and the entire committee , but especially Mr Savary .
It was possible to make progress through its negotiating capacity and its negotiating tone in this whole matter , which is quite complicated .
Finally , the overall railway package which we have given in the year 2000 and the beginning of 2001 , by the agreed targets agreed by the agreed major objectives , is clearly a major part of French colour .
This directive is a technical activity which also has a great deal of political significance because it is a key element in the practical implementation and implementation of what I referred to when the Package was adopted , namely opening international freight transport .
What we do with this last measure of interoperability is the establishment of a European railway network .
This is a fact which goes far beyond further and to open up some specific technical conditions .
It is truly important for the short history of European construction , it is the establishment of a European railway network .
As you know , the European Parliament has just reached a agreement with the Council on this whole package , as a provisional date for the full opening up of the fixed year 2008 .
Both Mr Swoboda and Mr Jarzembowski have played a crucial role in this package .
These measures should not be effective if we do not at the same time make it possible to prevent the technical incompatibility with which Mr Savary referred to .
That is what this measure intends to do .
Some of the major users and certain operators who make use of transport are able to make profits and make use of the potential of this trans @-@ rail rail network , and the services of the trans @-@ European rail network have highlighted the way in which the organisation of international goods is difficult .
In this context , this directive is even more important and will enable the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail system to be overcome , precisely in order to overcome some of these barriers for a number of national markets .
In this respect , I would like to congratulate you again on the success of this directive at second reading .
It means guaranteeing a European dimension to create a competitive market for accident management and heavy costs for the benefit of companies , which are often the result of the excessive fragmentation of technical barriers , which are often the result of the excessive fragmentation of agreements with their local operators .
The Commission will be devoting itself to the blue and mental application of this directive and to bear in mind that their success in the field of infrastructure operators , railway undertakings and so on , will be able to mobilise the ways in which they are able to mobilise the ways in which they are able to mobilise and efficiently .
Mr Bouwman has asked me some questions which I would like to answer .
Specifically , the consultations on the opinions of the various users and the various elements of network users , providers of infrastructure , services and other forms of transport , are operating by infrastructures , providers of service users and elsewhere .
That is one of the aspects I would like to point out .
As far as the economic impact of interoperability is concerned , whether or not it makes sense to ensure that a uniform system of technical specification is taken into account in the future , something which Mr Vatanen has raised , and I must say that there is a lack of harmonised technical specification on the grounds of a harmonised technical recovery analysis .
As I have already said , we have two stages .
Some measures have been made quickly , which the rapporteur , Mr Savary , has pointed out ; in this case , measures are made , for example , to a European rail permit , which goes beyond national borders , which goes beyond national borders .
But there are other issues which have been implemented much more complicated , such as harmonisation of the tunnel size , so that all the size of the tunnel can be liberalised .
This will take a little longer .
On the points raised by Mr Swoboda , I would like to tell you on many occasions that we expect the open measures , such as the directive on safety in rail transport , the question of opening up the market in freight and passenger transport .
Of course , the railway sector is a key factor in the railway sector , because the railway sector in the new countries is crucial for its development and for the possibility of balanced growth .
Thank you , Mr Savary and the whole Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Trade in the Irish Sea
The next item is the report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation with measures to recover the accident in the Irish Sea ( C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 ) for the year 2001 ( COM ( 2000 ) .
Mr President , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the rapporteur is not present .
I would allow you to read a text briefly .
I am not in favour of this but I am the coordinator of the PPE .
I believe that this text - that is a text of my group - is at least a text of my group .
It is very brief .
I would then like to make the proposal so far as Members are present .
As you seem to all agree with you , I would like to read the English text which I have seen to the recording of the Water Sea in the Sea Sea .
The Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats would like to see the Commission &apos; s proposal for a transfer card to the Commission on the basis of the port @-@ generated Sea .
As a result of all the time available to all time , junior doctors have been allowed to hold a fine @-@ leaf jump from wind @-@ speaking pop @-@ speaking pop miles .
So it is fair for us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to act as well as possible on the loose in port @-@ based , neo @-@ dimensional and for the anti @-@ terrorist organisation of the Constitutional market in port reception .
Mr President , I regret that Mr Nicholson cannot be here .
Having read this text , I would now like to come to my own speech .
Mr President , Commissioner , today we are debating the report of the positive colleague , which I would like to thank for his rapid and detailed work .
He was working on time .
Nonetheless , we did not go back from the Council &apos; s urgency and are very pleased that we can pay more attention to this issue today .
The recovery of cod and quotas , as well as our continuing efforts , has been slow , only in the negative sense .
We need to think about this as well as all players .
The prices for cod and for other fish are rising while , at the same time , the fishermen will have problems , but they will have problems to feed their families and their families in the long term .
A major and historic economy of our coastal regions is a great deal more and more serious .
The closures is not only for this limited area which is based on the report ; it has been extended to large parts of the North Sea .
The stocks have decreased dramatically in all areas .
The first is that , under your leadership , Commissioner , the Commission has responded quickly and consistently , without waiting for regulations or waited for regulations .
It is now up to us to monitor these measures and to ensure that our future policy comes together .
This list of responsibility is , of course , also included in the Member States .
But keep the question : why had to happen so far ?
Will we not have to leave ourselves until such certificates ?
When will we finally establish real sustainability in our fisheries policy ?
The omens for the Irish Sea have not been until yesterday , and not only in the Irish Sea .
It is a question of the fact that the consumer , fishermen and fish stocks - is the need for an hour .
Can we give the impression that , despite all the efforts made by the Commission , we are giving the opportunity to submit proposals to the magistracy and anti @-@ disciplinary certainty ?
Will we work closely at all levels so that we can take into consideration latest scientific results in good time our policy ?
If we do not finally have a close environmental effect , the next crisis will be around us .
The new sub @-@ colonialist world is deeply concerned .
We must act and not just react .
When do we learn that ?
How many sectors of industry need to be re @-@ classed as a result of the mad cow chaos .
We need to take more account of the fact that , in general terms , there is a more innovative development and in general terms , as well as a sudden development , and not by words , but deeds !
This proposal is in the right direction .
In particular , I welcome the flexible approach to the setting up of the eco @-@ labelling system and the detailed handling of derogations .
This approach shows that , when it comes to the interests of fishermen , the interests of the fishermen will be taken into account by means of a non @-@ fishing clause , but there is also a possibility of other fishing programmes .
At the same time , however , I would stress that this is only a step in the right direction .
In other waters , the problems are similar if it is not yet as clear as that of the Irish Sea in Ireland that the Irish Sea should be a soft sign .
There remains to be a lot to do .
I urge the Council and the Commission to develop further measures in the context of fisheries policy , so that our action is really a future .
Mr President , I thank the rapporteur in his absence and Mrs Langenhagen for her comments .
Mrs Langenhagen said a low @-@ rate picture about cod in the Irish Sea .
As Mrs Langenhagen said , the Irish Sea is , as Mrs Langenhagen said , an example for us all to be able to wind up the way in which the environment is transported .
The increase in cod has fallen only six years .
In 1993 , the 11 000 tonnes of cod landed in 1993 were only 5 000 tonnes .
When it comes to the fishing of cod in the Irish Sea , the regulation for 2001 is necessary , although the regulation for 2001 is also necessary .
It is also exemplary for other regions .
A similar situation was established in the North Sea .
The super @-@ terrorist attack is so great that the TAC took place and has been introduced for a new increase in cod .
Since the beginning of the tobacco market , great support for the North Sea has been protected .
Another consequence of the growth costs for the next few months is that the other regions , which have not been a ban , have been taken .
For example , the fishermen &apos; s fishermen are claiming to ensure that the fishing industry in the North Sea - partly in the Irish Sea - produces adverse effects on cod recovery prior to collapse and south @-@ east Asia .
In these waters , the people concerned fear that these waters will damage the damage and have their own resources .
These fears are exacerbated by the fact that last week , last week , the liberalisation of the world has been marked by a considerable increase in cross @-@ border boats , which would be used in the case of decommissioning .
In the case of the introduction of protective measures , we must consider the adverse effects on the other .
In a sense , it is a irony of the little waiting that we jeopardise the protection of fish in a region of animals in a region .
To conclude , the reform of the common fisheries policy and the adoption of the Green Paper in March should be crucial .
We must strike the right balance between sustainability and an successful industry .
I believe that the reform of the common fisheries policy is a chance .
We must make sure that we adopt proper reforms .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , although he is not present .
Mr President , in his report on fishing in the Irish Sea , Mr Nicholson , Mr Nicholson , it appears that this region will have the dubious honour of getting involved in the use of emergency measures to preserve the river .
Such measures will take advantage of this year in the North Sea , and they are intended to protect the volume of water during the end of April .
Why should we now have a common fisheries policy which is the main concern of conservation in the Irish Sea and the North Sea for emergency aid to the North Sea ?
We need to accept the need for these short @-@ term measures , but we should also learn from mistakes in the past to develop and acquire reasonable long @-@ term proposals for the management of the fishing industry in order to be able to cope with such situations .
The technical measures which have been introduced for the first time in areas such as Scotland have to be brought to improve and extended them to cover all the forms of transport .
Action must be taken in order to prevent the transfer of tobacco cultivation , which is detrimental to other regions and resources .
The effects of the penal authorities need to be investigated carefully , both in terms of the official ban on dismissal and their effects on the whole food chain .
In the coming years , there will be a clear drop in technical activities , and this means many families and towns in our textile markets - especially in fishing and forest processing - very negligible quantities of income and revenue .
As in certain regions , the economic and social consequences of the new Convention with Morocco have been opened up , as is the result of the recent recent convention with Morocco , which will affect emergency measures in the long term .
This provides for similar financial support for these regions .
The revision of the CFP is a challenge but also a chance .
I hope that the solution we have proposed will indeed work .
That is the best way to achieve that , the fishermen , fishermen , researchers , researchers and analysis of certain regions , such as the North Sea , will be fully involved in the new fisheries policy , so that we can work together on the needs of these regions .
Mr President , the transport infrastructure is largely from sea .
People cannot live there , but the sea is constantly increasing .
It is not just a question of achieving one of the other continent , but also to gain oil , other nuts to gain road traffic and freight traffic .
mercury , mercury and radioactive waste cover the fauna and they are always less suitable for human consumption .
Growing coastal waters , water @-@ ravaged and other meats @-@ nots , which previously have the supply of fish , have changed fundamentally by government situations .
The sea for a long time has been used as a source of stability .
It is increasingly impossible to keep fishing vessels and always become increasingly deprived of the sea .
This is happening in Europe on the seas , but increasingly being removed from European ships with the former coastlines .
I was told previously against the Treaties which the European Union has concluded with third countries in the third world to continue to fish there .
In the short term , this is a solution to Europe &apos; s food requirements and we are paying a little more for the poor countries to do so , but it does not , however , benefit from any page .
The need for fish is rising , while stocks are getting worse from over @-@ fishing and pollution .
Some fishermen believe that the sea is still getting a buck to the sea .
Last week , I heard on Dutch television on Dutch television in a interview which would always exist , which is always the case in the Bible .
Such statements , which may have been perfectly accurate , will always be taken into account in the future .
It is therefore to be welcomed that time and areas are set up in areas where the river is intended to recover in the river , i.e. when and where it should no longer be possible .
For the same reasons , the quota quota must be limited .
The rapporteur insists on the increase in the land of cod in the east coast of Ireland and Northern Ireland over the past ten years .
The huge amount of money now is not even one fifth of those at the beginning of the 1990s .
The existing catches , which are lower than those permitted , have fallen to a quarter .
So much resources are still available in the sea .
However , the rapporteur wants to pick up the electoral quota which is less limited to six weeks between 22 February and 30 April , and he criticised the enormous extension of fishing during the river in the vicinity of the world .
fishermen protest in protest if they gain the impression that state @-@ owned measures will remain hidden unilaterally while their colleagues from other countries continue to fish the sea .
Then there will be pressure to withdraw measures and permit more exemptions .
In this way , the attention of the need to reduce quota awards is being jeopardised .
Because of short @-@ term , any restriction on the short @-@ term , they have been pushed protest .
Nevertheless , it is better to close more areas for long time than the fish due to inadequate measures .
This is what we are looking at at the moment to the North Sea .
Mr President , the continuity of the cod sector in various European waters is serious .
The Commission rightly proposes measures to eradicate these fish against eradicating fish .
But , as the Commission has announced for the North Sea , the action for the North Sea is also transmitted to the Irish Sea .
The Commission &apos; s action is , above all , based on political viability , and that the scientific base is missing .
In the event of the North Sea , it was intended for an initiative which , in particular , affects the Dutch fishing fleet .
It is true that the Dutch fleet is taking into account the fact that the Dutch fleet is doing well , in fact , with other Member States and fleets .
This is why the Dutch and alternative alternatives are , in any case , to be found .
It is not enough to carry out the distribution of traffic rates , not in the North Sea , nor in the Irish Sea .
Fishing is , in fact , going to be placed on the open areas which may arise and new cod exists .
If fishing is transferred in areas , where there is a large number of adolescents , the measure will actually hinder the implementation of the tobacco industry .
In addition , the North Sea does not mean that the North Sea should be allowed to enter into the voluntary fishing sector , in which suspected animals can be fished , within the textile market and within the telecommunications market .
The fishing sector in the open areas will also suffer from other fish species and cargo losses .
The added line proposed by the Dutch Secretary for Fisheries provides a far greater increase in cod .
This plan , which states that , in a large number of weeks , there will be an end to the cod problem in a large number of weeks &apos; time .
And , as is at least as important as it is , this plan will be supported by both administrative and fisheries companies .
Yet the Commission does not consider it enforceable politically .
In fact , your furious recovery has led to the growth in a European water policy , which will be reflected in a European water .
Mr Nicholson , this does not appear to be the Commission &apos; s most drastic position .
Needless to say , it is a great deal of the blow to fisheries , but it is even greater if there is no increase in cod .
The Commission must , of course , look into the financial obligations which can provide financial compensation to the fishermen .
In order to guarantee the future , the Dutch fishermen are ready to do so and I am convinced that the professional fishermen are willing to make the same readiness .
Now , the Commission is still lacking .
Mr President , I would first of all like to apologise to you , your predecessor and the House for their apologies .
My problems began early in the near future when my flight was to Albania .
I am very grateful to British Labour and the excellent work she has made here , but I am in fact quite late .
It was not my intention to go to the House and I apologise .
I have listened with great interest to Mr Van den Berg who has spoken about the Commission &apos; s stubborn approach to the Commission &apos; s lack of initiative and on how well the Dutch fishermen have reacted .
Mr van Dam should once again read my report because I have neither the Commission nor the fishermen .
It is not easy to solve this problem , but it is very serious .
The fishermen of my region were faced with the same problem a year ago .
You must now live up to the third year on fishing .
I would like to say that , in my own region , Mr van Dam and the Scottish fishermen who are now engaged in an anti @-@ fishing area have been able to say that fishermen from my region have not just been ready but also a positive fortune .
You have cooperated with the Commission in relation to technical measures and they have taken this very seriously .
The violation of its fishing grounds for such a long period is easy for no fishermen .
It is all the more difficult if there is no assistance to the industry to produce a way from this situation .
That is the point I would like to highlight .
When I come to the point that the Commission is going to present specific proposals - whether or not it should be passed on or married - the Commission is willing to present its ideas , and we will take them in a constructive way . &quot;
However , the problem is that national authorities are not going to make serious proposals to support fishermen &apos; s fishermen in the region , and certainly not the British authorities .
It makes no difference if it is a Conservative government or a Labour Government .
Neither the other would have any real aid to fishermen .
I have tabled an amendment to my report and I would ask the Commission to take account of it .
It is about to allow fishermen to continue to continue the continuing fishing capacity under regulated conditions , as they have already agreed for the first stage of the contract .
If discards are being made during this limit , then this will be accepted by the fishermen .
At the moment , the Commission is currently unable to approve the amendment .
This is regrettable because the fishermen work well with the Commission and are therefore a model for the other regions of the European Union .
As Mr Van Dam has already said , there is considerable concern and we must guarantee the future of the game so that the fishermen have a future .
I hope that the Commission can take account of the very positive aspect which I have tabled with my amendment .
Mr President , the report shows how serious it is about fish stocks in the waters of Britain and Ireland .
The Commission alone considers it necessary to take emergency measures in four different regions in order to save fish stocks in four different regions .
From today &apos; s sitting , 15 500 per cent of the North Sea will be banned in the North Sea for the transfer of fish victims .
In addition - as we have heard heard - from Scotland and the Irish Sea , the drastic reduction in the total TAC and the quota quota , as was announced last December by the Council .
In its present form , the common fisheries policy has been in place for eighteen years .
The taxation and quota system has led to the fact that large quantities of small fish are thrown dead in the sea .
For two million tonnes of fish every year , 25 % of all fish are disposed of in the EU .
The system of agricultural programmes has also failed to do so .
Member States which are trying to comply with these rules will be punished , while other Member States are fully ignore their ideas .
The CFP therefore has its main objective .
It has not been able to conserve fish , nor has it been possible to guarantee the future of the fishermen .
The recent round of cuts and emergency measures will once again be dropped from industry .
In view of the measures for the transfer of oil tankers in the Irish Sea last year , the Irish Sea has had to accept a devastating blow by 42 % during the National Cup .
However , despite this tragic crisis and the fact that too many fishermen have to live from too little fish in the North Sea and the Irish Sea , this House has voted in favour of an overwhelming majority in the North Sea and in the Shetland Box in order to guarantee equal access to the North Sea and the Shetland Box .
Many fishermen in the UK and Ireland are looking at these decisions as the ultimate lifeline .
65 % of the EU &apos; s fish EU fishing resources are in the waters around the British islands , i.e. the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Why should we be allowed to keep our fish back and allow our fishermen to grow in poverty ?
Last month , Parliament took the vote on the reports in absolute terms and short @-@ sighted action .
This could be a drop in the ocean which makes it possible to remove the surplus and to withdraw the UK from the common fisheries policy .
Mr President , the question of stocks of the various species and measures relating to the environment is always a very controversial issue .
The Socialist Group supports the conclusions of Mr Nicholson in his report on the Commission proposal to the effect that the Irish Sea has produced the Irish Sea .
We know very well that over the next year , junior doctors must be paid for over the next year and that the most expensive time is required and that a great deal is needed .
We also know , however , that the transfer of an accident in port for a long time has increased jobs and many difficulties in the future of the fleet .
I therefore agree with Mr Nicholson that this is a question which requires a high level of balance and balance .
The industry is often complained about the fact - and rightly so - that when the Commission &apos; s proposals are ignored , it will not be ignored by the Commission &apos; s proposals , which are not based on scientific opinions .
I would ask the Commission to take account of the work of the scientists with this daily , daily reality of the fishermen and to take account of the economic situation of the fishing industry in areas affecting fisheries .
All of this is about transparency and clarity vis @-@ à @-@ vis the sector , which is the reasons for certain measures .
I do not believe that the common fisheries policy is a failure .
In this respect , I do not agree with the previous speakers .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Nicholson for his report and for the speed of which he has worked and worked on .
I know very well how open and honest he is about this subject .
He has not paid the fishermen to the Irish Sea to the Irish Sea and it is wrong to do away with them .
It has the problem of the public in his own country , as he has done here , and there is a problem .
Our fellow Member has quoted the Bible before us earlier .
The Bible says that there will always be fish in the sea .
Well , I would like to tell you what is a rather more ambitious document on cod .
I quote the author &apos; s book from his book &apos; Fishing : fish which the world is amended &apos; .
According to the fact that , in New York , it says &quot; integrating into New York and navigation &quot; , bearing in mind that there is no further need for any further explanation , that there is no need for any further explanation and someone who has been killed by a quarter of the middle of a middle @-@ year region .
At the end of the day , mankind could never be able to do this .
We have demonstrated the opposite of the Bible and the gift of the nineteenth century .
Mr Watson is young people who have been able to remind the electoral campaign before my time before the coast of the coast , and I was even more active .
The British Government - and I am saying this with the greatest respect for all the Member States of the Union - to protect their fishermen , to protect their fishermen when they have fishing grounds in order to fish their fishermen .
It is good that the view of the United Kingdom has changed in favour of the right of the company to be able to feed up their own resources , which I have always respected .
In particular , the respect for Mr Zavvos , who is a good representative of his people and great enthusiasm , cannot accept that the common fisheries policy should be failed .
I suspect that British fishermen do not exist because , when we look at the figures , the British fishing industry is getting their natural share in European fish .
The only person who is wrong is the Irish fishermen who are denied their natural sorrow and who was never allowed to exploit the seas .
In the sixteenth century , the British people are faced with a war in the wake of a war with the super @-@ terrorist attack which he called upon his victims , and they only come from the American coast .
That is a old history .
But beware of the European fishermen &apos; s fishermen who have been the responsibility of the European Commission .
It tries to solve a difficult problem .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to make it clear that we will have the opportunity to discuss the reform of the fisheries policy in the next Strasbourg week , which will have the opportunity to discuss the general aspects of the fisheries policy .
I should therefore like to say something about the very forthcoming report here today .
I think it is indisputable , and it is certainly not wrong that we are confronted in the Irish Sea with cod stocks which are becoming a historical carcinogen .
It is certainly not wrong : if we want to protect the tobacco sector , there is only one thing we have to leave when it comes to making stocks collapse in peace .
That is why it is very important to conclude the electoral process before the start of the electoral process , even though it is very painful , and even if that is the case for fishermen .
It is a matter of urgency that this month , as the first time begins .
I know that so far all parties involved , and I would particularly like to thank the Committee on Fisheries and the rapporteur , on the need to achieve this objective in time .
You will vote on the report tomorrow , and then it is still so long that we can reach a decision in the Council and that the regulation on 15 February was released .
The Commission agrees with this report , and I would like once again to thank you for their support .
I now turn to the amendment tabled .
I regret this amendment .
Why ?
In last last year , we carried out a series of interim checks , precisely in the second half of the tobacco market .
These attempts have clearly shown that the risk of cod is very great and that there is a lot of cod going on here .
We are prepared by the Commission , but we are prepared to allow the first half of the traffic system to be generated by the first half of the transport system , and the conditions which Mr Nicholson referred to is that there will be a lot of reference in terms of the fact that the activities will be landed by a lot of cod .
We also know that this second condition , which I referred to , is a certain risk , but with the observation system , we will be able to know whether this exception will be carried out in the case of another year , whether this exception can be carried out next year .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Fischler .
They have gone ahead with us .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( The sitting was closed at 12.40 p.m. )
Madam President , I would like to use the Commission &apos; s presence in order to address it in a serious matter .
The French European Democrats are organised every year on 9 May , namely Europe &apos; s Europe , Europe , which we wish to ask the euro .
Since September , this movement has been trying to provide financial support to you , without being able to cope with this day .
However , we have no assurance that we have received the cost of contributions from the Commission .
If we have not received any pledges by the end of the week , the French Labour Party should not be given any commitment to the implementation of the copyright .
In my opinion , this would be extremely damaging to our common business .
Mr Prodi , do you wish to give her commitment to Mrs Berès or later on ?
Mrs Berès , I am not familiar with the details of the question you have raised , but I shall look into it immediately and give you an answer today .
Thank you very much , Mr President of the Commission .
Vote on the topical and urgent motion
The Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs has adopted the application of the procedure without a report on this issue .
I therefore give Mr Watson the floor so that he can explain to us the position of this committee .
Watson , Mr President of the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
Madam President , the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy has the honour of this proposal and the urgency of its adoption before the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection will probably be aware of the full involvement of the Nordic Union .
However , it would have been hoped that if the Council were informed about this matter , it would have been high time that we had been waiting for the last moment .
However , we are in the impression that the vote should not go long time , and this is why we are proposing a procedure without submitting a report to the vote , which is why we propose to present the proposal in this Chamber .
As no one wishes to speak against the topical and urgent motion , we shall vote for the vote .
( Parliament agreed to urgent procedure )
Presentation to the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001
The next item is the joint debate on the presentation of the Commission programme for 2001 by its President and the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0006 / 2001 ) by Mr van Velzen and others , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats .
I shall give the floor to the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , it is no doubt that we have a general debate on the European Union &apos; s situation .
I would like to see this debate a step forward in your Parliament on the progress we have achieved in 2001 in 2001 .
There are , of course , many events and priorities which I will expand on , as is the key issue , but the most important thing is that we already have the way in which we have already embarked on the future .
The Commission has always asked the Commission to be judged on its actions .
It is therefore extremely important for me to see cooperation between the Commission and Parliament and the fruitful working relations between the Commission and the Member States in the Council on concrete and tangible results .
So let us use this fascinating debate to discuss openly and openly about our successes and our problems as well as to discuss the real needs of the European citizen .
The tradition is that the President of the Commission is going to have a detailed overview of this issue in all the actions involved in each of the areas of policy .
I would , however , like to respond briefly to the last twelve months .
A year ago , I informed this House that the Commission has set up four strategic objectives : first , the promotion of new European governance ; secondly , the creation of a new Europe and social policy agenda , and thirdly , in order to establish a better quality of life for everyone .
In view of the implementation of the objective of life in Europe , we have made a White Paper on food safety and the draft regulation on requirements and basic principles in the field of telecommunications .
We also suggested setting up a European food authority which can be implemented this year .
We also suggested the establishment of a European Air Safety Agency and , following the Erika disaster , new legislation is being drawn up for safety in maritime transport .
With regard to a new economic and social agenda for Europe , we presented detailed proposals to the European Council in Lisbon .
Now , the EU has now become an overall strategy in order to be able to become the most competitive and dynamic knowledge @-@ based economy .
The key to the stabilisation of our continent lies in our strategy for enlargement of the European Union .
Last year , the Commission has made a strong approach to the accession negotiations with candidate countries and a public debate on a genuine immigration policy for the EU .
Finally , in order to promote new European governance , we shall be able to start the work in our White Paper which will be published in the next summer .
The Commission has , in principle , met its most important commitments in the last year and it has sought clear and simple solutions .
I would like to say this before this House , as I am proud of the staff of the Commission , for which the year 2000 was linked to radical internal reforms .
My colleague and I are well aware of the high demands we have made in our staff and they had not only managed to adapt more to the procedures but also to adapt more autonomy to their actions .
Even if internal reform is not a political act , it is one of the Commission &apos; s priorities for 2001 .
After all , any organisation must adapt new conditions .
That is what we are trying to do .
However , so little changes can be made to the administration , so little so little can be done .
I am therefore firmly committed to adhering to the internal reform in respect of all our commitments , consultation and in a climate of transparency , quickly .
The Commission &apos; s political guidelines for 2001 are indicated in the work programme which took place at the end of January and adopted Parliament immediately .
The key aspects of the programme are based on important deadlines .
All these priorities are not by way of committing the projects .
The Commission is based on the Commission &apos; s constant division of action , whereby our action is to take account of the specific needs of European citizens .
This is also the purpose of the debate on the future of the Union , which I will expand on .
But let me start by explaining the Commission &apos; s most important action for the year 2001 .
- ( PT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in our entire work since the Lisbon Summit and preparations for Stockholm , we are constantly asking for an end to our children , a fair and fair Europe , a Europe whose citizens have worked modern , decent and open Europe .
The Commission &apos; s contributions to the Lisbon Summit was working in a strategy for the implementation of this objective .
In the next month , the European Council &apos; s report on the progress made in Stockholm will be examined in Stockholm through the Commission &apos; s report , where we are making progress , but also where we have delays in delays .
One of the main objectives of our strategy is to restore the necessary conditions for full employment .
Here we have already made some encouraging successes : in last year , 2.5 million jobs were created , which have been allocated to more than two thirds of women .
This is truly a considerable figure , but the problem of unemployment must be resolved , a few years ago .
However , as we said in our report on Stockholm , the developments in certain areas are progressing slowly .
The people responsible for Europe need more political determination and they must be aware of how urgent it is to set the promises from Lisbon , for example , with regard to the Community patent , the programme and the liberalisation of the energy markets : these programmes are vital to our future .
Furthermore , we still have no coherent strategy for lifelong learning .
We therefore need new farmers to strengthen our efforts in some key areas .
We have identified ten of these areas in our report on Stockholm , including some of the leading edge sectors , the global financial markets , new markets and mobility on the new European labour markets .
In Stockholm , I will ask the Heads of State and Government to take the opportunity and not agree with Mrs Stauner , and we must make a firm commitment to the direction adopted in Lisbon .
In order to give you a presentation of our report , I would like to stress three of the recommendations made in this regard : firstly , the restrictions on the labour market must be removed from the introduction of the workforce .
This requires more efficient tax systems , more investment in training and lifelong learning and specific measures to make the right to catch up .
Measures also need to be taken to guarantee mutual recognition of qualifications and the transferability of pension rights between different areas and states .
Secondly , for example , economic reforms are going to be speeded up .
Although the services are already composed of three quarters of our labour market , there is still no full internal market for services .
Thirdly , Europe must be a innovation innovation if we want to create a European research area .
I certainly cannot give you any explanation of this .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , we must create a delicate balance between our political actions so that we can all preserve the resources of Europe , our wealth in the economic field , our wealth and our environment in future .
To achieve this balance , we must find a strategy for sustainable development .
The Commission is currently working on such a strategy which will be discussed at the height of the Swedish Presidency .
We are trying to make a clear approach to the concept of sustainable development into well @-@ defined and understandable terms , and , in concrete terms , specific actions set out in terms of production and the habits of citizens .
This will therefore be a strategy aimed at innovation and increasing investment in these areas and using the opportunities offered by the world to set up prices at a level where the cost of the environmental environment can be better realised .
A long @-@ term political plan of this type requires an effective first consultation .
In order to bring this discussion forward , I have proposed that the European Parliament should have a major debate on these issues .
The views of this House will really be useful in preparing the Commission &apos; s final strategic proposal for the Gothenburg Summit , and this proposal , I repeat , must be more specific because the Summit will otherwise be a failure .
In addition , we have the intention to publish a soft discussion , not only within the European institutions but also in general with our citizens .
Our aim is a global , coherent and long @-@ term orientation for European policy .
I would now like to turn to the European Union &apos; s relations with the rest of the world , and we are always making a clear indication of our citizens who , we should be prepared to make decisions in this area , if we want globalisation to be used for good benefit .
In the short term , this means that our priorities should also be a new round of WTO negotiations in 2001 .
A new round of negotiations is the best way to strengthen the multilateral system , which will lead to further liberalisation of trade with new forms of trade , the requirements of civil society .
In addition , we must also draw attention to important new sectors , such as competition and investments and the interests of developing countries in our deliberations .
The developing countries are the key to this new process .
Non @-@ commercial policy must not be involved alone in the interests of entrepreneurship ; we must ensure that they benefit the poorest of society in the world .
We therefore hope that the Council and Parliament will be voting in favour of our proposal in this month , the 48 poorest countries of the world and to introduce all goods from arms to the European Union and to introduce fines in the European Union .
We are also prepared to talk about the new American Government and with the Congress in the nuclear trade meeting .
Needless to say , President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council , his regional priorities , but I know he and his staff do not underestimate the importance of the multilateral system .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , another major milestone in the future is , of course , the introduction of the euro at the end of this year .
If the euro is at a value limit in our own countries , it will become a reality in our citizens &apos; everyday life .
In the next few months the Commission will work hard towards both the Swedish and with the Belgian Presidency in order to conclude our preparations for this extremely important event : an event which will give us an enormous contribution to this extremely important event .
There is , however , a great need for a huge organisational approach which has not yet been needed before us .
We are not all delighted , however , that the idea , a old currency @-@ free currency is a new one , and that is why there will be some difficulties at the beginning .
We must therefore make every effort to make the public aware that the euro will bring us all the benefits of a strong and modern economy .
Meanwhile it has been the symbol of a European project par excellence for Europe in time and time .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to end by referring to the question raised by the debate on the future of Europe in Nice .
In spite of its limitations , the Treaty of Nice , despite its limitations , in spite of its own borders , is a promising advantage , first of all , that there are no further obstacles to the fact that there are no further obstacles to enlargement .
Its second advantage is to have the &quot; acquis communautaire &quot; in order to set up a comprehensive debate on the future of the European Union .
In January of this year , I pointed out that the declaration attached to the Treaty , in the spirit of the Treaty , will be characterised by an &quot; open debate &quot; .
This will give the European Council the opportunity to take a second stage in December , which I considered to be &apos; aggravating reflection &apos; and , at the end of the day , it will be possible to have a brief Intergovernmental Conference .
I am convinced that this would be the right way to act , and I have the impression that this concept has now been adopted .
Above all , I would like to discuss the first stage , especially because it will be addressed in 2001 .
The stage of &quot; open thinking &quot; , in which we are already in the process , is particularly important for three reasons , firstly because the citizens of Europe are becoming more ambitious , and its views demonstrate that Europe is becoming more necessary , but it is becoming more necessary than ever .
This is a debate which will be involved in everyone and all sections of society so as to reanimate and conclude the great project of the European Union .
The second reason is the outcome of the Nice Intergovernmental Conference .
What has not been most lacked in Nice has been a thorough thorough debate on the expectations and for Europe .
This has been a long and broad debate , but not the basic questions .
This debate can no longer be postponed .
The third reason is always more and more liberal , and I share the view that Europe no longer can be able to build on a logic of &apos; constructive &apos; , in which things can be done .
We are now at a new stage in the new phase of which we must tackle the fundamental issues .
Since 1981 , the Community , and later on , will be in a progressive process of adaptation , restructuring , enlargement and harmonisation .
We have been waiting for a generation which has been lost in the past for almost a generation which has been lost and closed by the citizens of our countries of our countries and the public opinion that we have pursued .
We have made historical decisions with which the unity of our continent can be restored .
It would be absurd and even dangerous if this unity were to be based on an agreement , firm pledges and legitimate ulterior motives .
What is the issue of a debate ?
In order for a debate on &apos; new &apos; , that is to say a word .
I have confidence in the defence of our citizens and their elected representatives , too , because we are going to hold this debate on a very specific basis : not a debate on the question of the question of whether or not we have a debate on the real issues which have arisen in a general or different way .
The questions that our citizens are asking are not the same ; we must recognise that it is no longer a question of the debate on the institutions , which we have maintained in the past since Maastricht and in particular in the wake of the Nice Summit .
The real problem is that , at some point , we will no longer have reached agreement with our Member States in terms of climate policy and has always become more sophisticated , and has become more sophisticated , our differences of opinion and self @-@ satisfaction .
In my opinion , these differences of opinion are partly due to the debate which has been carried out in the past couple of years , which is too often at the heart of too often .
We must finally tackle the problem .
It is quite natural that there are differing ideas on the final objective of the European Union , of course , because we are , of course , fortunate .
However , I think that we can at least agree with the essence of our project .
This brings us to the heart of the matter , on the fundamental issues which I wish to raise in the public .
For example , are we actually agreed that we want to build a structure which is determined to act as a global power as a world , with other words not merely a economic power , but a political entity ?
Are we all aware of the great challenge that we are witnessing and which depends on the future of our nations , because it depends on the fact that our nation states are very serious , their existence and identity in the world ?
There is another question : what are we prepared to do with social and economic solidarity ?
Not only is preventing or reducing the internal market &apos; s break @-@ up , but because we believe that our peoples must take part in a common project and help each other to help each other .
One more question : are we prepared to agree with the same solidarity when it comes to the interests of our internal and external security ?
And what are we going to do with the future of future generations ?
And how can the European citizens be able to protect our values of democracy , solidarity and justice most effectively ?
We must take these issues forward in the debate 2001 .
These are not institutional , but political issues which depend on what we are working together and to work together .
If I have this major debate and these subjects , then I do not expect you and the citizens to enter into a discussion without a firm assessment , as it were starting to start from scratch .
We are talking about a Europe which has produced the enormous positive benefits that Europe has produced over fifty years of the Union &apos; s existence , peace , prosperity and especially a single currency .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , we have to ask all the Members of our national parliaments and with the governments of our Member States to find these questions and find answers .
I would like to make it quite clear that this comprehensive discussion , which can be seen as the citizen , can be involved in the shortest possible way .
Members of the European Parliament and the parliaments of the Member States are legitimate representatives of the people .
This must be taken into account if all the ideas are to be extended and implemented in concrete results .
After the time being , we are at the end of the second stage , which is unthinkable without a proper involvement of the European Parliament and the national parliaments : firstly , because it is a long way from establishing a relationship between States , and secondly , because I do not have a relationship between states , but also because I do not have a relationship between states , but also because I do not in the dispute of the conflicts .
We have to be able to hold a forum on all players , i.e. the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the national parliaments and the Commission in the course of the year 2002 , and this forum will be more explicit than the European Parliament .
This interactive process , this dialogue between the European Council and the Convention , or the forum , or the forum , or the forum , or the forum , or the forum , or the forum , or the forum , I should like to set out all the issues .
It is clear that the discussion cannot be limited to the four issues mentioned in Nice .
I fully support Mr Barnier &apos; s full support if he said , as before your Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that it is a matter of developing a firm and sustainable project for our enlarged Union .
The Commission will , of course , take its part into account and take various initiatives : it has already done its contribution to the reform of the Treaties ; it will do so by supporting Parliament and successive discussions in implementing a general and broad discussion , as was required in the Nice declaration .
In this White Paper , however , you should not expect a unilateral approach to the separation of competences of the Union and the Member States , because this constitutional area will not be ignored .
However , it will assist the fact that the instruments for a proper decentralisation of the administration and the means and ways of achieving better implementation of the common policy must be implemented .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , sometimes I believe that the construction of Europe is the greatest achievement of the second half of the 20th century .
Some of them at the start of every new phase of a par with extreme urgency than not just as ridiculous or even ridiculous .
Now , at the end of 2001 , we are going to introduce euro coins and coins , and I am not allowed to repeat all what has been said in the process of developing this plan .
Nevertheless , we are here today where we are , and we are all proud of that .
( Loud , sustained applause )
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we welcome this debate on the Commission &apos; s work programme , if we consider that this debate was delayed , and there was perhaps no other way of having this debate as a debate until now , in February 2001 .
However , we would like to see this debate occurring in the next year of the year of the year that we are discussing this debate and that is , of course , the case .
However , I should like to ask the Council a very pertinent word : ladies and gentlemen , I think it is a scandal if the Commission is proposing its programme and the Council of Ministers and the presidency here !
We cannot accept this !
This illustrates where the shortcomings are today .
Foreign Affairs ministers travel from the world , which I do not think , because it is its task as foreign ministers , but at the same time it is responsible for European affairs .
This is why we need to say that the European political is no longer a foreign policy , and the establishment of the party &apos; s representatives in Foreign Affairs and the Foreign Affairs Minister - and this is no longer the case - is a new proof of life .
We need people in the governments who just look at Europe .
( Applause from the right )
That is why I urge a Council of the negotiators which will then be able to keep here in Parliament .
Europe does not become a lot of great speeches from foreign ministers , but by the daily work on the part of Europe .
That is why we are calling for the Council of Ministers .
( Applause from the right )
We were delighted that President Prodi , Mr Jacques Chirac , is asking for this public debate on the EU @-@ Nice process , as President Prodi has done .
We want a broad public debate on the future of our continent , and the President of the Commission , as a group , and I cannot speak for the whole Parliament - are your ally .
We would like to strengthen the Community institution as a Community institution because we do not see that the Council of Ministers will be able to give this power to Community institution and representatives of common interest .
You mentioned the involvement of the European Parliament in this process .
We would like to be something more concrete .
Our anti @-@ European People &apos; s Party , the European People &apos; s Party , decided at its meeting in Berlin at its meeting in Berlin at its meeting in Berlin , and that is , the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the government and the Council .
We want this year in Stockholm , and at the end of the presidency , in the right direction , that such a conference can start to start its work in 2002 in 2002 .
This conference should , as it were , be of the greatest public debate in Europe , and it should be planned for them to be reformed on such a conference .
A second point : asylum and immigration .
Mr President of the Commission , we call upon the Commission to focus on a common policy on asylum and immigration , and this is because we see that national policy is not a result of a result .
Only a common policy can solve these difficult tasks .
The Chancellor of an important country , namely the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany , has said : if you look at the principles of asylum and immigration , then we can also move on to majority voting .
I would ask the Commission to step up the work so that we can ensure that , if we reached agreement on the majority of decisions in terms of asylum and immigration , I would ask the Commission to be able to reach a situation as quickly as possible .
But we also ask the Commission to take account of the consequences of its initiatives .
For example , we have the impression that you want to take a look at family reunification , for example .
We ask you to take the lead of family reunification so that we do not have any impact which then is no longer manageable .
Overall , the policy of asylum and immigration must be an important area .
Third comment : Europe &apos; s .
As everyone knows , we will have the common European currency in the hands of 1 January 2002 , a strong event - the President of the Commission , and rightly so .
However , we must also reinforce Europe &apos; s competitiveness by ensuring that it can be possible for small and medium @-@ sized enterprises to invest , because there are , in fact , the jobs of jobs .
I believe we need to strengthen our efforts .
As far as the question of enlargement of the European Union is concerned , we are committed to the first of the first Members of the European Union for the year 2004 .
Mr President of the Commission , I urge you to provide a public information programme so that we can also convince people in our countries that the enlargement of the European Union is necessary and the historic interest of Europe .
My observation is that we want a strong , democratic and democratic Europe .
Mr President of the Commission , let us work together .
We are on your side if you strengthen the Community institutions .
We are asking the Council not to refuse to make its contribution to the European Union &apos; s Europe .
If we do so , then we should succeed .
However , the Council must now fulfil its responsibilities , after the Commission and Parliament set up .
( Applause )
Madam President , Mr Prodi , the Union is becoming increasingly important when it comes to the countries of the Central Europe and the European Union , in a few years &apos; time , in our relations with the eastern European Union neighbours .
From the point of view of the Union , the best way to strengthen peace in the region is the best way to increase the development of peace in the region , Russia and Ukraine .
This is , unfortunately , not reflected in the workings of the Union .
We are quick to seek to find appropriate ways of cooperation and the political will to find appropriate ways of cooperation .
However , in cooperation with the southern Mediterranean countries , huge sums have already been invested and resources have been invested , despite the fact that results still have to wait .
Everything is also needed in the East .
I noticed that Mr Prodi has not just referred to our relations with the East , which is perhaps not possible within the framework of the comprehensive report .
Over the past few years , the investment for Russia has revealed one tenth of what was channelled to the Mediterranean countries .
For all former countries of the Soviet Union , half of the Union &apos; s former countries have been invested in the Mediterranean .
This interrelatedness is not in line with the importance which close to the regions concerned with each other .
Above all , the forms of economic cooperation must be specifically and feasible .
The water water water system of approximately nine million people living in and around the neighbouring region will either be able either to dispose of either old or lesser @-@ hitting facilities in the environmentally sensitive , non @-@ cultural and fossil versa .
This has already already led to serious changes in the natural balance of the natural balance and that this is being considered .
Mr Prodi requires sustainable growth .
The electoral process in the region is a good example of the practical cooperation of the northern region .
.
First of all , on behalf of my group , I would like to welcome the Commission &apos; s work programme for 2001 , which is a prerequisite for the legislative programme which Parliament adopted in the initiative of my group as a condition for approval .
They have not solved proposals ; it is commercial , from those of those coming from the last year , and there are always more .
We should remember that you have met 50 % of the programme last year .
We must not propose a lot of time , try to comply with this .
Let me once again remind you that there was an agreement to be reached , following consultation with Parliament &apos; s committees in January , and we hope that the deadlines will be better complied with in the next year .
I claim that the main thrust of the programme is the assent of the citizens to the European project ; it is the sign and the sine qua non of his success .
This is something we are committed to , together with the problems which our fellow citizens are seeking , for example , to the economic and social agenda which we are talking about in March , food safety and the fight against organised crime .
My Group expressly supports the proposal put forward by the Commission &apos; s proposal &apos; all &apos; in military hardware &apos; ; that is to say that the 48 poorest countries should be fully reduced .
These are crucial aspects of the programme .
It is not a matter of avoiding criticism of us and we must ask ourselves .
One of the criticisms highlighted is the treatment of BSE by the Brussels paper ; in this context , we should also insist that the Commission and Parliament have been committed to ensuring that we have had this crisis and that we continue to urge our fellow citizens to respond to their concerns .
Because the creation of a single market does not mean that it is only possible to adopt a single market or to impose standards which serve to protect citizens and to ensure that the essential services are protected in a civilised way , more competition and more freedom .
We think that we should think about this because we are talking about the virtue of deregulation and not by means of the virtue of deregulation , and not by means of a civilised framework .
With regard to governance , Mr President , I think it should be a very pertinent and rather odd debate on new forms of democratic technology which will enable us to understand , for example , the embassies of the black and good democratic technology .
That is what we need .
We also need a Commission proposal on the distribution of competences and the possible form of integration of the Charter .
This means that everything is going to be very comprehensive on the agenda .
Mr President , you are giving less common applications to civil society and talk about their elected representatives , with us in the European Parliament and with the Member States of the Member States .
This year , I do not think it is a question of setting up a more general or more senior act ; we must consider the process and method .
In this respect , Madam President , I believe that we must make a clear effort .
I will end , Madam President , because my speaking time has been put to the end by the Commission when I say that it has the machinery to make proposals .
It should do so ; we will be able to strengthen an alliance which is essential to us in order to make determination in the debate and create solutions for the future of European construction .
On behalf of my group , I welcome this progress .
However , major concern is the report which the Commission published last week in Stockholm on the Lisbon process .
We had the high objective of developing ourselves within ten years of the world @-@ wide knowledge @-@ based economy in the world . Unfortunately , we are moving slowly than planned .
I am in agreement with Parliament , and I am not sure any less losers , but I would like to point out that I was one of the worst losers in the proposal to liberalise postal services .
We all agree on this .
I am reminded of a history which has been told in the United States about the famous mayors of radiation , who are even more famous .
When he spoke in his speech , he was talking about the new upcoming objectives of his administration .
In this respect , it is a mistake to be found against the rapid reaction of his speech .
He promised to seek new administration for new administration .
In my opinion , we should be careful not to lose the same mistakes in Lisbon , but that we are making real progress .
The message for Stockholm must be that our commitments are serious and that we will make every effort to implement it .
We have made good progress in the past twelve months in our efforts to manage food and consumer production .
A great deal remains to be done , but there has been a lot of progress .
In terms of trade and development , my group is in favour of the initiative : all goods would not be weapons .
In view of the fact that the Commission itself is bound by the sensitive problems of agriculture in relation to the sensitive problems of agriculture in relation to the World Trade Organisation , the World Trade Organisation and the debate on the reform process .
This is an important European initiative , and I hope that the College of Quaestors will be devoting itself to entire efforts , regardless of the difficulties that may arise in other areas .
In the opinion of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , we must take more attention to the policy of asylum and defence .
I would like to congratulate Mr Vitorino on his work so far , but we have reached an agreement in Tampere and I wonder why we are still in agreement with the definition of this breakdown in the long term .
With regard to enlargement , which my group is very dear to the heart of my group , I would like to remind the Commission and to Mr Solana , as well as to say that we really need to focus on the matter in detail with Cyprus .
This is not just a question of the acquis communautaire , in this connection , in this respect .
It is not just a question of whether Cyprus can implement the acquis communautaire , and we do not see any problems .
On the contrary , it is about serious and serious political issues that we do not believe time and attention to the successful inclusion of Cyprus .
With regard to the form of the legislative programme , I am delighted that the programme will first referred to the committees of the House .
It is good that we have the opportunity to confront the programme and its priorities .
As Mr Prodi said , if this is not a question of turning down the projects , it has mentioned some priorities .
However , I was watching the programme .
We are faced with little of the importance of 49 of 49 by 49 .
These 49 groups contain several different initiatives .
It is very difficult to establish the real priorities and to draw up the areas which are particularly political , one of which we need to tackle .
Something needs to change here .
We must change our way .
I hope we are so long that any initiative is justified in September .
I do not want to say that the proposed initiatives are not justified , but we need more information .
Perhaps we have proposed some of the initiatives , but it appears that it is perhaps not so important that they are not so important .
To what extent is this programme a request from the Council to take the initiative ?
We cannot find answers in the presentation of these questions .
But I would like to answer answers .
This is not a question of interference in the Commission &apos; s right of initiative to the Treaties but a matter of quality quality control .
I would like to conclude by saying that , in September , it would be very useful if we reached an agreement and to conclude the debate until December .
What do you intend to do about this ?
So we should tackle our work - offensive and forcefully .
At the end of the day , a word about Nice or the post @-@ Nice process .
As the European Parliament , we should have a far @-@ reaching and open debate to the detriment of the institutions after the Gulf market .
My group could think of the formation of a convention which the European Parliament and national parliaments , and the national parliaments , and the Council are involved in .
( Applause )
Madam President , my group fully supports the fact that , in this debate , we really want to look at the key priorities and look at this Business @-@ style approach to a moment , which we have to do here in our daily work .
First of all , I would like to say that the greatest problem in the lack of instruments is the lack of instruments which the Union is able to do in order to protect the challenges of globalisation in order to protect the challenges of globalisation .
I would just like to point out that the Nice Summit was not able to adopt a decision in the future , after a qualified majority , in the future .
This means that we leave the market to the market the market .
We are opening the players into our taxation system , and this is naturally a significant limitation to be able to build on what we call the European social model in which we use the development of society .
This has been mentioned .
There is no doubt that we really need to tackle racism , because we will no longer be able to make immigrants and asylum seekers more .
We all have a major public responsibility here .
Madam President , very often in this House , very strong words are said to the citizens .
We have heard here today that the citizens should be involved in the decision @-@ making process , but that is , unfortunately , the case , when it is far from happening .
I would mention a topical example .
The institutions are trying to establish a situation in which the citizens are keen to ensure that the citizens are informed about the decision @-@ making process of the Union .
I would like to warn all Members of the House who , as it is now , seem to be a matter of warning to the fact that these strategies are mainly intended to protect confidential work of the institutions , i.e. the opposite .
We cannot accept this and we must discuss this issue more transparent .
This cannot be totally behind closed doors , as is the case at present .
Madam President , Mr Prodi , at the beginning of his speech on sustainable development , it has been quite central for my group .
If we are not really able to create a programme of sustainable development , we have missed a chance for sustainable development , which perhaps does not exist .
In other words , the Commission has to be judged and consistent .
However , it seems that there are still problems in this practical situation .
Today the Commission will publish its White Paper on the environmental stock White Paper , but I have therefore voted in favour of the fact that the Commission &apos; s approach to this issue is , above all , protecting the industry &apos; s attitude to ensuring that dangerous chemical substances are actually taken from circulation .
We cannot accept that if we talk about sustainable development .
The competitiveness of the environment is an aspect which should be taken seriously and the Commission should , in particular , listen to the undertakings and economic operators who have recognised that sustainable development can also be a good business .
Today , the great reform of agricultural policy is being discussed , and we want to encourage and demand that the Commission is a comprehensive approach and not just a small step .
If you will allow me , Madam President , I would like to conclude by saying that Annex IV of the Treaty of Nice is certainly the best part of the Treaty .
It contains a great commitment to Parliament and the Commission , and also for the Council , the Swedish Presidency , to re @-@ evaluate this process with which the European Union is built .
My group fully supports the initiative which you propose , civil society during the next six months , to take account of the fact that the national parliaments and the candidate countries will be involved in this debate .
I am sorry to say that I have taken note of the fact that we are mainly happy to listen to the national parliaments .
No , civil society is something that is something we have to do .
We must take it seriously and not allow an Intergovernmental Conference to be taken away from the national interests , and this has everything done behind closed doors .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , on reading the work programme of the Commission for 2001 , I have a few questions , first of all , to the European Union &apos; s role in Europe and the world .
Negotiations with the candidate countries are to be continued in time , in your document , in which the reference refers to 18 other payments that have been completed this year .
How is it possible for us to be able to give an idea of the problems which have been raised , if not bureaucratic , and on the basis of the political decisions which we have to make , on the basis of the political decisions we have to make .
Apart from that , I think that the concept which applies both to the Union &apos; s strategy in the Balkans , its relations with Russia and the Euro @-@ Mediterranean partnership , is the concept which is enshrined in the Union &apos; s strategy .
The measures taken by the Union are also critical of the measures taken in these areas last week on 2 Euro @-@ Mediterranean forum .
What lessons can you draw from this ?
And what is the Union &apos; s development policy ?
In addition to the commercial measure you just mentioned , you , in addition to the commercial measure you just mentioned , would create , after the example of the United States , a requirement for development cooperation in the most part .
As far as the other countries are concerned , you replace the Lomé philosophy from the WTO .
And where remains the ambition of Europe to its southern neighbours ?
The second major priority to which I would like to ask you is the new economic and social agenda .
The Commission must prepare the decisions taken in this context on the basis of the structural indicators of so @-@ called structural indicators .
What role are the social concerns and all the same , what is the most incredible way of dealing with human development as well as the most unsuitable indicators of human development ?
For example , you are proposing no social condition for the Commission &apos; s approval of large companies .
Why not ?
What do you intend to do in the future to prevent the repetition of western events such as Michelin , Danone , extraministerial and others , where the announcement of excellent financial results with plans to be supplied ?
Why do you propose the revision of the directive on European Works Councils next year ?
In this context , you are a White Paper on the subject of good political leadership leading to a partnership with civil society .
Coming from the World Education Forum in port , I should like to say that I have to do so with both the same things , but I believe that , because of a political announcement almost a political announcement , it almost covers all these guidelines with a view to relaunching the liberal world .
What steps will you take , Mr President of the Commission , to do so in 2001 ?
Madam President , the agreement reached at Nice will now lead to the way for enlargement of the Union .
This was the central objective which took place within the framework of the transitional system and , in my opinion , there is nothing more than the candidate countries to join the European Union .
The most important task of the present 15 Member States of the European Union is to ensure that the Treaty of Nice is swiftly ratified .
The provisions of Nice can only enter into force if the process of ratification is concluded in the 15 Member States of the Union .
I note with interest that today &apos; s debate is under the pipeline under the &quot; Stockholm European Council . &quot;
I would like to warn all the interested parties against having far @-@ reaching developments in the Union before the European Union is concluded .
This is really the central theme which is at present in the Union .
Those who speak of greater political integration within the Union are likely to be ratified by the Treaty of Nice .
This is certainly not the case .
The Treaty must provide the 370 million citizens of the Union to a easily understandable form and to be thrown into a panic , which safeguards the support and the good will of all our citizens .
These criticism concerns all those who propose complete illegal structures in the European Union in the European Union .
There seems to be a kind of communication in Europe which , as far as we are concerned , is what we are doing , and we will make the relevant changes which will enable citizens to be grateful later .
However , the political tide does not work .
We are tabling proposals .
We will then try to win the European citizens within our respective parliaments or through referenda .
We , which will support enlargement , and recognise the full right of candidate countries to join the European Union , must now be aware of the importance of the provisions of the Treaty of Nice and its far @-@ reaching political impact .
However , in any case , the European Union should continue to continue the debate on new political developments in the European Union until the Treaty of Nice is not ratified in each Member State .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I have received some surprise to the President of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats who , on the absence of the European Council of Ministers and in a sense , has criticised its institutional divide and also in a sense of critical criticism of the Commission &apos; s foreign policy policy .
I believe that this programme is symptomatic of what President Prodi has just said on the basis of the programme : this programme resembles a book of ideals , but this programme is very different , and this is different from the efforts of a discussion which Mr Prodi explained in his speech .
We still need to discuss the basic problem which has now been debated the debate on the modern Europe and that of a great deal of the American term , which has been described as a social state , which has already been described as a social state .
It is up to us to see whether we want a social state or a liberal state .
Do we want more state and less market and less and less state ?
We have heard that , last year in Europe , there were 2.5 million jobs in Europe which , following two thirds of the Commission President Prodi , has been given to us , but I would also like to see an excellent result , which , in my opinion , is the basis of the territorial distribution of these jobs in the Union .
There have been a lack of unemployed in the South of Italy , but the Union could solve two problems in this way .
I am also thinking of your comments on the internal reform of the Commission , Mr President .
I know that a great passion is being paid to work and , for example , this passion of the Commission accords to its internal audit team , the staff of the Commission , who are concerned about the requirements of the staff and employees of the European Parliament .
Mr President , some Eurosceptics say the Treaty of Nice , because federalists are protesting against it .
Some federalists say that , because names are against them , there can be good reasons for both groups .
We must oppose power from the national parliaments to Brussels .
federalists need to be opposed to the decisions made by the electorate and representatives of officials from officials and ministers in the EU .
Nice , in short , is less democracy .
We all have a common interest in ensuring a democratic debate before the next Treaty .
We have to stop closed doors behind closed doors , the next Treaty must be negotiated by the elected representatives .
The discussion must not only be public but the citizens are also able to participate directly in the discussion , in the countries where it is permissible to vote on it .
Against this background , federalists can discuss the way in which the future Europe is treated .
What is going to be decided on in Brussels , what will the national parliaments decide to decide ?
The Group of the European Union for the Europe of Democracies and Diversities is involved in an open , less advanced and deeper European cooperation .
We want to see the majority of all decisions in the Member States and regions .
Europe &apos; s wealth is in its differences and , for example , no need to change the need for the EU to change the Council &apos; s decision on local competition .
I think that this is a subject which we can do well .
Finally , I hope that the Commission will be used to exploit the Commission in favour of diverse discussion on European integration .
Mr President , today &apos; s debate on an oral question on the follow @-@ up of the European Council in Nice , while the non @-@ proliferation of the summit is not yet signed and the next Intergovernmental Conference should be convened in 2004 , as a matter of urgency .
You , as the President of the European Parliament , and , in particular , the Commission , are expecting the great European negotiators to be opposed to the Nice Council and the immediately drawing up of a convention which the Charter of Fundamental Rights was issued last year .
Yet or even starving world people should not stop the debate .
The idea of a European constitution will depend on the idea of a European State which does not want our peoples .
Moreover , the Council of Nice - and this needs to be emphasised - has been highlighted as an objective of the future Intergovernmental Conference , because the future Europe needs no future state , but a network of nations which respects the national democracies .
At the moment we must consider the form of the future debate .
It must be said that the Convention , which has drawn up the Charter of Fundamental Rights , was a failure because it is constantly based on competences , the responsibilities of responsibilities and , ultimately , a text which is not acceptable to the advocates of a supranational state .
We must , of course , be prepared to prepare for intergovernmental conferences in the future , but not by means of the Convention in the state of repair , which will lead us to further impasse .
With regard to the next Intergovernmental Conference , the debate must be held with the national parliaments in order to take responsibility for those responsible .
At a second stage , the Intergovernmental Conference should only negotiate with a credible proposals , that is to say by at least a quarter of the national parliaments of the Union .
This would ensure that the link with national democracies is preserved .
Mr Prodi , we understand how difficult it is to address all the issues that the European Commission must address in a brief document .
I am going to confine myself to two key areas which I would like to see .
Let us look at what happens in the agricultural sector : we as the European People &apos; s Party consider it essential to review the common agricultural policy and we are particularly clear about the implications of future strategies .
Let us just think of the financial burden of our budget by agriculture , with agricultural policy or the issues of globalisation .
You yourself mentioned Commissioner Lamy &apos; s proposal , which is extremely important but a significant impact on the issues of agriculture .
Or look at the future developments in food production , in the area of production , production and biotechnology .
If we then consider the issues of enlargement and reinvigoration of agriculture in certain regions such as in the Mediterranean , we would like to know what the European agriculture model is going to achieve , and , above all , we want to see that this model is not sacrificed on the altar of foreign policy or a quest for a situation in which it is perceived as a result of international situations .
The second problem concerns the Mediterranean , the importance of a forum which we held last week .
With regard to the Mediterranean , there are still major problems with regard to the Mediterranean .
It is our wish that a policy should be adopted in this area , which is to be seen as the same supplementing the same prerogatives as those of the southern areas of the European Union .
Mr President , President Prodi .
Today we have heard a great deal of time .
I should like to refer to your last words , where you also talk about Parliament , i.e. the role of the parliamentarians .
But anyway , Mr President , Commissioner , but too little practical words !
I would like to make a brief comment .
The matter is : we want a strong Commission , because we are convinced that the basis for a future Europe is not , above all , a priority for the future of Europe .
We therefore expect you to strengthen the need for parliamentary choice and to strengthen parliamentary democracy .
In general terms you will agree with this .
Mr President , in a discussion of the relevant committee , Mr President , Commissioner Barnier has recently suggested a kind of forum for the future of the post @-@ Nice process , a kind of forum which , in all respects , is , of course , of a kind of forum - MEPs , civil society .
Mr President , we want a Convention , a Convention of Members of Parliament and national MEPs .
That is what we want , because we are calling for your clear and clear support .
Mr President , I know that there are also weaknesses from the Commission - directly and indirectly - that this Parliament has weaknesses .
Ladies and gentlemen , there are weaknesses in this Parliament .
However , the weaknesses in this Parliament and the parliamentary parliamentary policy must be brought to the strengthening of this Parliament and not to make any extra changes to Parliament &apos; s proposal .
I shall come to the next point : you have now proposed - and I am right to tell you that we have to be able to publish a White Paper on the issue of good governance in a White Paper .
The concept of good governance is somewhat problematic .
I would like to say more unusual governance .
The democratic decision @-@ making procedures must be strengthened , and I admit you are right .
We must also be re @-@ judged .
We also include the dialogue with civil society .
I agree absolutely .
We need to do more for this as parliamentarians .
But again is the crux of the matter : is the inclusion of civil society being used to strengthen direct parliamentary democracy or not ?
Is the civil society in a sense of the trademark of parliamentary discussions and decision making or not ?
Again , there must be a clear and unequivocal statement for Parliament .
( Applause )
In this respect , I would also like to raise the issue of monitoring because it is also a new word &quot; .
In some cases , too , it will sometimes be sometimes forbidden to get into line with &quot; rationalised &quot; .
.
It must take the decision to make a decision , the Council , and the Council must decide to parliamentary bodies .
It is true that we have to make this decision @-@ making process clear and transparent , not in a transparent and transparent manner , as the Commission is currently going to do .
We must enter into dialogue with the electoral process and discussions , and we must accept the Council and its views .
But we cannot ask the wolf to trouble .
What is to be done in the future , which is to be carried out in the future ?
I disagree with this .
This would be just as if I would say that the feedingstuffs industry and the processing industry are to determine the rules for the distribution of persons themselves .
That cannot be our position .
In this context , one small comment is made : there is a growing trend towards the Commission &apos; s communication .
In other words , what the Council and Parliament decide will be able to decide through the Commission as as possible , as interpreted as the different ones perhaps .
This too is a dangerous road .
The Commission makes proposals .
It has the right of initiative .
I readily admit this .
However , the process must be making up to parliamentary bodies , and this must not give us an intellectual corrective impact through them .
If , then , the Court of Justice is called upon to make it .
Finally , Mr Prodi , we expect a host of proposals from the Commission .
But we also expect the respect of the vote , as we respect the Commission .
We expect you to see that you are so keen to see what we are trying to see to you .
( Applause )
Mr President , the President of the Commission has stated that the institutions should act responsibly , transparent and effective , and he has promised to a White Paper on good governance .
Perhaps we should start by improving governance in the Union &apos; s work programme in the Commission &apos; s work programme .
We should concentrate on our political work in areas where EU @-@ wide action is indispensable .
We should ensure that the principle of subsidiarity is always upheld .
In view of the fact that the Commission &apos; s recommendation for a single European Community format for curricula is really the case , I am actually referring to this year &apos; s proposal .
In the event of any new tobacco policy , it should be justified , and that is why we need an approach at EU level , as Mr Clegg proposed , to ensure that the measures proposed in this House are respected , as Mr Clegg suggested .
Mr Prodi , rather than the proposals made in annexes on the original document , you should add your speech to a detailed list of proposals which will be justified and explained .
The proposals should be the result of a serious debate in the College of Commissioners , not just as regards the points of the annex .
Our committee should carefully evaluate the various Commissioners &apos; proposals on their own merits .
It is important for us to vote in favour of this in our plenary session .
In Nice , we cannot make progress on the intergovernmental path .
It is now up to us to find a convincing Europe .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , I agree with the demands of more concrete answers .
The political unity of Europe is not made in Nice .
On the contrary , what has happened there is renationalisation .
What has failed to happen in this situation , President Prodi - I believe it is extremely important to recognise that the Council &apos; s arrogance , Europe &apos; s arrogance .
These are their nature from the parliaments .
Mr President , the Commission &apos; s position is unclear and very vague , especially vague on the question of the post @-@ Nice process .
You have found a critical word of the Treaty , but I hear that my own country , the Commission , will be a great deal of money in which the Nice Treaty and success will be celebrated .
You have found a critical word , but your Commissioner Barnier gives us a potential forum of the debate rather than a Convention on the Convention .
Mr President of the Commission , I would like to ask you to give a very specific answer . Are you going to give you a very specific answer . Are you going to ask the House to ask for a change and the enlargement of the Nice Summit in order to establish the key democratic principles such as the separation of powers , inefficiency and public accessibility ?
Mr President , Nice was a retrograde step - of democracy , more transparency , more transparency , more transparency and decisions .
That is why I think it must be used to use the Council in Nice to save the Union in Nice .
I would like to mention four points which I have to mention .
Firstly , I would ask the Council to correct the number of seats for the Czech Republic and Hungary in the European Parliament immediately to correct discrimination against these two countries .
Secondly , there is a need for a clear common structure for the debate on the future of the Union , which must not mean renewed renationalisation .
Thirdly , calling for a change in the Convention , which also has the legitimacy and authority for reform proposals , I think that the Intergovernmental Conference should be given a priority , because it should not be possible to take place in 2004 , at a time when the Commission and Parliament are not fully involved .
Mr President , we have been taking our priorities for years , because we do not fully achieve our objectives , or unless we have the bad political , technological and highly technical challenges we have to overcome .
The problem of employment and employment for living and working conditions is still still unresolved and in terms of enlargement , we must be able to pursue both our skills , them , as well as the necessary structures , to strengthen economic adjustments and political and social relations .
It is not a question of speeding up the process of speeding up the process of enlargement , but rather to make it possible to implement it in accordance with real conditions and in order to make it possible to implement a genuine decision .
We must never lose sight of the fight against illegal immigration , organised crime , the exploitation of women and children , drug dependence and trafficking in human beings , but we must note that the formal documents do not make any practical progress .
We are waiting for a European scheme for the use of the Internet .
After all , there is no freedom without rules but only at violations of national and international laws .
The prospect of the Mediterranean policy approved by the European Parliament during its last part @-@ session , during its last part @-@ session , must also be brought into line with the peace initiatives in the Middle East .
Amongst all the necessary requirements , one is one of the biggest priorities for the other priorities : food safety and the public &apos; s health .
On behalf of some of the mistake of progress , the illegal profit of some of the less likely , the child &apos; s health will be affected by the public and will continue to affect all the sectors of agriculture and the food industry .
The consequences will be disastrous if we are not in a firm , conscientious and proper manner .
Too often , in the past , governments have been attacked by the previous speaker on mad cow disease , neo @-@ lateral or chickens , all of which have proven not only to be as hot as economic and health , but too late .
President Prodi , we call on you to ask the Council for a urgently @-@ reaching monitoring and environmental monitoring system , but , until then , we wish to strengthen more monitoring by your presidency .
Mr President , we are faced with a few open questions in Nice on which we need concrete answers .
These issues concern the separation between national and European competences , simplifying the provisions of the Treaty , the status of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the role of the national parliaments in the architecture of the European Union .
What is the intention to continue to keep the Member States to the fore ?
This question is closely linked to the European Union &apos; s negotiating system .
We need to be aware that it can only be clear that the responsibilities of the public can be established for legislative and political decisions at European level .
It is therefore important for the national parliaments to be involved more in the pre @-@ accession process for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference .
On the one hand , as early as as early as possible , it will be possible to launch the electoral process in the Member States as early as possible , and , on the other hand , to remove the possible problems in the ratification of ratification .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , we are now seeing a procedural one , which is the situation : the Amsterdam Treaty , which we are now discussing at the Nice Summit , must be resolved at the Nice Council .
I think we should have a clear procedure for this .
The question is that this will only be a fine declaration which will be adopted in a convention , and will the 15 in the same way be as smoothly as in Nice ?
I believe that this must be clarified in the context of both the method and the objectives where it is intended to do so .
There is also a need for thinking , after almost all the Heads of Government that the decision @-@ making process is bad , according to which methods may even be resolved before the post @-@ Nice procedure , for example , in the past , in connection with the electoral procedure which has been resolved in the past .
Moreover , this is the method to delay enlargement .
Enlargement is the second major issue we have , and we must fulfil our historic duty here .
This brings me to the third issue .
We must see that transatlantic relations are not being held in a new strategic debate , that the Americans do not understand us with our defence and defence policies and we cannot understand the Americans with its support programme .
First of all , I think we can say that enlargement is our major security policy .
Secondly , if we are developing our own skills , this part of NATO , which will continue to be responsible for collective security in Europe .
I think we are , of course , the opportunity to create the conditions for a transatlantic base market .
Today &apos; s spokesman of the American President , Robert Schuman , is the author of the sixth declaration of 1990 .
I would ask you to rebuild this tradition so as to restore the sea again .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to make three brief comments .
Firstly , not only is the public debate - the observations made by Mr Swoboda and Mr Brok - but also the first stage of the limitation of punishment .
My clear question concerns you : do you - the Commission - are prepared to present a joint proposal by the Commission and Parliament in 2001 for the end of the European Commission and Parliament &apos; s joint proposal for the further acceleration of the process of &quot; Nice &quot; .
That is the first question .
On the second question , I welcome the fact that you have spoken of the fact that we have a body for the participation of governments , the Commission , the European Parliament and the national parliaments .
We want a convention for the second meeting of the post @-@ Nice process , a convention which is a programme for public debate , i.e. the preparatory and interim proposals for the Intergovernmental Conference , and at the same time a clear proposal for the Intergovernmental Conference .
The third question concerns matters .
Four issues are specified , which is in order and can be achieved , but we all know that there is a lot more to be said and that there should be much more at stake for 2004 .
I would like to advise all of us that we are interpreting this unusual term &apos; acquis &apos; , under the Nice Summit .
It is not at the end of the Nice Summit .
Nice is not just the end of a method , but it is in fact the end of a era , the era of a era and the era of the Europe of the Lepos , shopkeepers , seventies and 1980s .
It is now a question of creating preparation for a new European Union , that is to say , a European Union of the 21st century .
It is not about the &quot; Amsterdam process &quot; , but rather that we are facing a renewal of the European construction process , which must be made clear .
If we want to win the public debate if we want to win the public , if we want to win the people of Europe for our objectives of Europe , it is not enough to initiate a &quot; under @-@ Nice &quot; summit &quot; , but we must make the people aware of this since 1990 !
Mr President , allow me to start my great disappointment at the fact that no ministers from the presidency are present in this important discussion .
Mr President of the Commission , in the wake of the Nice Council , it is clear that the compromise compromise behind closed doors has its clear limits .
It has become a bit of commotion , and has been a broad social debate on Europe &apos; s aims and tasks .
That is a good thing .
The promises are committed .
But how should it be completed ?
If the citizens of Europe really are to take part in the debate on the future of the joint European project , it will be able to influence them .
Is the Commission prepared to include proposals and ideas and to implement them ?
In this case , it means that the EU will change and simplify and simplify it .
We know that many citizens want a clear constitution .
When will they happen ?
We also know that the environment , asylum and cross @-@ border crime are important issues where the citizens want a strong , dynamic and coordinated EU .
Is the Commission and the Council prepared to provide these instruments ?
Unfortunately , the results of the Nice Summit are a false one .
We know that there is a general ambiguity surrounding the fact that the Union is involved in too many detail .
If the Commission is prepared to give substance to the famous principle of solidarity , the Commission is prepared to provide a procedural system and to find a procedure to limit the enormous noise pollution which we all witnessed in Brussels and Strasbourg .
The citizens of the EU and the candidate countries and , of course , also in this Parliament , have a real impact on the method , the agenda and the decisions on the future of the EU .
But how ?
This is the big question which has been raised in the air and which all colleagues have raised .
After what happened in the year 2000 , it is difficult to agree with you , Mr Prodi , if you explain to us , your programme will be Europe and the year 2001 .
According to your programme , we could say that there is no serious and tragic problem at all .
In its proposals , the new economy and millions of new jobs will take place , without taking into account the need to create these jobs in the most profitable areas which are the highest standard of employment in the vicinity of the most vulnerable areas and most qualified .
Neither is the economic and budgetary adjustment problems which are required in the enlargement of new countries , including the tragedy of immigration from the Third World , which caused the crisis caused by the ultra @-@ liberal globalisation in particular .
There will be no doubt about the tremendous disappointment experienced by Nice , and this contradicts the fact that , in this context , the countries of Mozambique are no longer able to prevent the direct democratic decision of the citizens via the Union or the first of them without any State and bodies of political and legal personality .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , the Commission should not close it to the fact that , at the moment , it is a process which is currently being drawn up in the European society with a view to adopting a Constitution of the Union .
It would be good if the Council , the Commission and Parliament adopt the initiative , together with the initiative , to the Commission .
Mr President of the Commission , today the Euro @-@ sceptics left the hook .
They have had a dominant force in this House , which concerns everything in Nice , in dark circles and in their own behaviour , in the context of the political arrogance she has demonstrated and which , unfortunately , she has learnt from the past , because they have learnt from the past .
The enlarged European Union needs , however , to say the opposite , so that it does not just come from the Amsterdam Treaty on the Nice Summit , and if the year 2004 , the year 2004 is disappointment .
Europe needs a different strategy .
The majority must be prepared to find a reality of what is happening .
It is true that it has failed in Nice .
It is now the case that they understand what the person &apos; s right of origin has taken place there : the whole of the people who have taken place there and the true reality of the peoples .
We are talking about what is going on , but the question of speed .
If you want to maintain a state and political superstructure , there is no European people , but not even a European public , it can only lead to new disasters .
More centralism , less democracy .
Of course , the peoples against this .
Nobody wants to do away with the democratic quality that they have in his own country , in the area of language and culture , where the power is close to power .
If we do not understand that , if we are not prepared to take more so @-@ look , if we are not prepared to go to the end of the national parliaments , if we do not want to give Europe the right course , then the debate will be left away from the Nice debate , and that is a pity .
It is also regrettable that if the federalists continue to see their close in a sense of view , it would be a reality of the people &apos; s reality and weaken the same disappointment as in Nice .
Ladies and gentlemen , what is being prepared is not just a bridge .
We need a completely different European strategy , a strategy with nations based on nations and no more people against the peoples and against nations .
More than a European debate , we need fifteen national debates in the context of enlargement , national debate on Europe , without retraining and ambiguities .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the absence of a concrete work programme for the Commission to prepare for institutional reform , as you have noted , is a matter of concern to this Parliament .
It seems that we need to wait for the time to get down the guidelines .
However , the debate on the future of the Union has been launched for months , with speeches from various Heads of State and Government , and Parliament is already active .
The Commission &apos; s passivity , if it were confirmed , would be extremely serious at this preliminary stage , because we all know that it is a great responsibility : it is the guardian of the game .
This responsibility must be reflected in specific proposals and not vague thinking on a White Paper or other problems .
I am delighted , Mr President , that President Prodi reiterated this morning &apos; s support for the explanatory statement that Commissioner Barnier has asked for the explanatory statement in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , that he has confirmed that the proposal is not a retrograde step in relation to the previous Convention .
If this is the case , what should the name be changed ?
The European Union is now aware of what a convention is , and it has been able to review its transparency and results with the delay in the last IGC .
His opponents do not reject the name , they reject the Convention itself .
Let us therefore give the impression that we are to be sidelined and based on the public so that Parliament and the Commission are fighting .
Let us not build on those who do not want democratic and transparent Europe , but a strong , successful Europe .
The Union does not need a more powerful Commission .
It needs an active and courageous Commission , as we demand it today .
Mr President , if we finally want to have an effective debate on the future of the European Union , we need a sound institutional balance .
The proposals you have put forward this morning will allow us to follow up Mr Hänsch &apos; s suggestion - to restore the natural association which has to be carried out between our two institutions in order to achieve this dialogue within the framework of the institutional market .
But if we want to make progress on this , it is not helpful to denounce the Council &apos; s behaviour .
We need a strong Council , we need a strong Council in our institutional power .
There are reforms which can be carried out without any modification of the Treaty .
We should support the initiatives in this respect in the Council , rather than insisting on the Council &apos; s absence , as Mr Poettering has just said .
My second point concerns the White Paper on the responsible political leadership which we await with impatience .
We take note of the debate on the subject of the points in Annex IV , i.e. competences .
However , I would like to draw your attention to one aspect of the matter .
You have indicated this morning that you want a Europe to be closer to the citizens this morning .
We believe that if we are to make progress here , there is real need for improvement .
In our constituencies , in our constituencies , we are constantly told that there are difficulties when you want to leave projects to the Commission .
The long @-@ term procedures and the concentration of projects will be desired in this respect .
The third point relates to the debate on the future of the Union .
I believe that you have made some elements this morning which will enable us to start dialogue with good conditions .
The question of content must , of course , be raised , and the institutional questions will be dealt with later .
Of course , the issue of the Union &apos; s political importance at international level is the issue of solidarity , with the issue of solidarity - and I assume it is important to talk about the social model in this context - of which we need to stand up for the willingness of the European Union to live .
As far as the method is concerned , we are pleased that , in the context of dialogue , the four partners of the Convention must once again turn to their ability to cooperate in the Convention .
We must distinguish between the advisory and the supranational bodies .
The Convention must remain a more formal body , because the experiences from Amsterdam and from Nice showed us that the European Parliament &apos; s representatives are not sufficiently operative in the Intergovernmental Conference because we are convinced that the European Parliament &apos; s representatives would be able to look at all proposals in this context .
There is no separation between the issues of human rights which could be discussed in political bodies , and on the other hand , the issues relating to institutional aspects are reserved for purely diplomatic bodies .
Nice has shown that the Convention procedure would enable the Convention to make more rapid and more rapid progress and to strengthen our common functioning .
Mr President , enlargement is the most important European project .
I would like to thank the Commission for its marvellous use .
But the difficult part is now .
We now need to keep pace .
The first enlargement should be completed in Copenhagen , in December 2002 , in December 2002 .
That is the Commission &apos; s objective and we take the floor in this respect .
I should like to call on the next round of assistance to be closely linked to the candidate countries and to help to ensure that malpractices are progressing in good time .
But , Mr President , not only the candidate countries should be adapted to us , too .
An EU with 27 Member States must be able to focus on the major and cross @-@ border tasks .
We are not doing this at the moment .
You said a year ago in Parliament , Mr President of the Commission , that the Union should be exempted from all - and I quote : &quot; tiny tiny &quot; - should be exempted from the Council of Ministers and Parliament .
You have repeatedly repeatedly told &quot; ridiculous matters &quot; and you are right .
It is now time to do something about it .
Let us hope that it would be more expensive , but also more EU @-@ wide EU .
Take to us so far !
I suggest that you , Mr President of the Commission , are making an courageous Commissioner with the fight against small assistance and less important regulations and that the Conference of State enforcement for EC affairs , the law imposed on the national parliaments and the European Parliament , is authorised to reject the law .
In return it must be a strong Commission to act in the rest of the European Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a spectre is a spectre in Europe .
It is the spectre of the tunnel .
The trend towards intergovernmentalism - the Council - in the wake of the Nice Summit - has led Europe to the end of the Nice Council , and we are , Mr Prodi , the Commission &apos; s natural ally .
The Commission and Parliament must work closely together on this issue .
If Parliament , President Prodi , sometimes criticise the Commission &apos; s vocabulary , then this is not the case against the Commission , but this is not the case with our democratic foresight .
There is no doubt that we can go closer together and separates ourselves .
The national parliaments have been addressed .
I strongly support the fact that a convention , not a forum for the next steps , is , as the representative of the Council , the European Parliament , Parliament , Parliament and Parliament .
We should not be allowed to interfere with socially similar groups .
It would be important if this could also be formulated in the Commission .
Moreover , we must consider the role of the national parliaments in the process .
It is important for the national parliaments to monitor the Council .
That is their task .
They have no toilets vis @-@ à @-@ vis the Community institutions such as the Commission or even Parliament .
Therefore , when it comes to the participation of national parliaments , they must be asked in the legislative process to the Council .
They cannot restrict the role of the European Parliament .
We are also very keen to make this clarification .
Asylum and immigration will be a priority in the Commission &apos; s work .
We are not going to draw up a European policy on asylum and criminal law , but , as Mr Vitorino has pointed out , the directives have been implemented .
But we need a common approach , which is still lacking and which the Commission needs to draw up .
To this end - and I represent a very similar position , the Commission , first and foremost , should take a broad and open debate on the basis of the need for a dialogue , which is the most important and open @-@ minded debate .
This body could reflect itself on the model of the Convention which has drawn up the Charter of Fundamental Rights , including representatives of the European Parliament and national parliaments .
The results will then be confirmed by a short Intergovernmental Conference .
In this respect , we would , of course , deal with the four issues which were dealt with by the European Council , including an issue which basically supports the Commission &apos; s White Paper on good governance .
I would like to know how the Commission has the direct links between these two processes , especially as they have overlap .
On the other issues which need to be addressed , the future of the High Representative and the question of extending Parliament &apos; s powers to all legislative procedures , including those which are currently exempt from this , is tantamount to contradictory procedure .
We must also deal with the codification of the Treaties .
I would consider a special procedure for this .
Perhaps we should be able to start a committee of experts from the Member States and the bodies that were in Florence in Florence , which could begin in Florence on the basis of the codification and simplification of the Treaties .
That would be the case and we could devote our attention to political work .
That would be my proposal for further action .
Mr President , the agenda of the Heads of State and Government for the post @-@ Nice process is political and not determined by the need to prepare the Union for its enlargement .
The ones envisaged by the European citizens is to take the fear of a slow attack on the part of the Member States to Brussels , but they will make it worse for the rest of the day .
A final shift between European and national competences is not possible .
Cooperation does not create a dynamic , but a dynamic process .
There are subjects which were taboo as a result of the euro , such as the euro .
This criterion is the social necessity , and this cannot be substantiated .
A forum on the future of Europe is an excellent idea , although it is an excellent idea , but it is clear from the outset that it is a good idea .
As far as these future are concerned , there are totally different ideas in the individual countries , within the political parties and even within political parties .
If anyone wants to regain the citizens &apos; confidence , it must be a more transparent and united Europe , so that a policy of the European Union is not accompanied by a policy of policy , it means strengthening the political institutions of the Union .
These are the subjects on the agenda , so that we would have an courage .
Mr President , first of all , the Commission &apos; s work programme for the year 2001 .
Never before has there been a clear or reliable indication that the EU must do less but better .
This will also be the European Parliament &apos; s conclusion in the coming weeks when its committees are looking into this programme .
In the light of some 600 initiatives , some of which are almost 200 million , there is a great deal to be looked at at the same time , at the same time .
If I come to the post @-@ Nice process , then I would like to look at it from the point of view of the European future .
We come back to the history of the European Union over the past decades and the European continent of the last century .
Let me say that , as a result of background circumstances , I should like to quote a book from a smile of the smile and forget that he says : &quot; The people shout to shout a better future , but that is not true .
The future is a lesson which nobody wants to see , but the history of life has been met with their face , civic and insulted , so that we can destroy them and keep them altogether .
People want the future to change the past . &quot;
Now we have changed the past and Europe is very different from the European Union &apos; s Europe .
The four aspects of the Treaty of Nice are neither irrelevant nor irrelevant .
Our position on the key issues is clear .
We want greater involvement of the national parliaments , and we want to take a more coordinated and constructive basis .
We would welcome a clearer outline of the competences of the European People &apos; s Party and the European Democrats last month , provided that this is not a pretext for enhancing the Centre .
Furthermore , it would be preferable to simplify the Treaties in the public interest , but it should not be used as a pretext for introducing an outstanding European constitution , particularly if it is intended for a federalist state of Fundamental Rights .
All these issues deserve a broad public debate as far as possible .
In the past , despite the fact that there has been talk of open consultation , the officials of the various States in the IGC , like already the case of Amsterdam and Maastricht , are taking behind closed doors .
This needs to change in the next round of competition .
There must be genuine consultation of civil society , the expression of cultural and political openness which we are like to promote .
Mr Corbett has translation the chairman of the chair .
I would quote using the origins of using the society , with thousands of innocents .
The Union &apos; s institutional future on the Union &apos; s institutional future must be fully affected and must not confine itself to the limited resources of the Internet , and we must use the democratic potential of the Internet and also public opinion .
The EU must act in a truly open society .
The citizens have to say a say , including those in the candidate countries .
Moreover , we should consider a new deadline for the next Intergovernmental Conference .
The year 2004 is a timely time and the Commission is barely able to act , and it is a matter of urgency for the European elections .
2003 would be a timely time for the conference , and the elections to the European Parliament will be able to express its assent or reject some important decisions on some important decisions of the governments and enlargement will then be completed .
These are the important questions .
One of the central issues in Britain , as well as other countries in which general elections will be taken in order to make general elections , will be the future of Europe ?
Europe &apos; s Ministers of Ministers and the Commission , which are clearly in charge of a Council of Ministers , have taken the wrong turn .
In Great Britain , the message could not be clearer in view of the forthcoming elections : only the Conservatives can guarantee that the right solutions are found in the post @-@ Nice process for a more liberal Europe .
In order to guarantee their European future , most people in Europe want to live in Europe , but not by Europe , but not by Europe .
( Laughter and applause )
Mr President , unlike the previous speaker , I do not want to quote blind broadcasts from words in words of WTO barbaric behaviour .
At the earliest point of desperation of ancient behaviour of ancient words , it was said that , in the shadows , it is not , and I shall therefore be brief .
Each fifth man in this world does not have access to clean drinking water , medical services and basic education .
The European Union , which is not just a trading block , but also a basis for a set of values , could make an important contribution in this area .
Over the last year , the agreement adopted between the Commission , the Council and Parliament on the budget 2001 gave the agreement on the basis of the existing budget , which relates to medical care and basic education , in the framework of the existing budget , and not plus , in other words , for example .
Efforts were set and additional staff have been made .
The Commission &apos; s thought is that it will work on the agenda and no more than a great deal of financial resources will be passed on and that we will be more seeking to achieve direct results in areas which are extremely important for development .
In this way , Europe could send a great message to show that the social sector is not only a single one , but also a lack of supervision .
I hope that the Commission will be able to present a sound assessment this year .
Mr President , that the Nice Summit has not been able to see a success , but perhaps those who feel that they should take place in Europe .
In this respect , it is not surprising that there has been a discussion of a discussion on the post @-@ Nice process .
This debate should , of course , be important - and this is vitally important - the Commission is in the end of the day , taking action at the end of the day .
Parliament is now going to present the initiative for an early interim report during the summer and in the final report which , at the end of the year , is at the end of the year .
In spite of this work , however , it is necessary to make a few more changes now .
That is what our Group is doing in this debate .
Firstly , the centre of the Nice Treaty must be defined in order to be able to give the post @-@ General agenda the right meaning .
It is high time that European Union design should be more effective .
The errors presented in Nice , which , by qualified majority , are determined by qualified majority , but without codecision by the European Parliament , is unacceptable in this respect than the national parliaments and the European Parliament .
We must correct this mistake .
Secondly , the very complicated decision has to be changed .
The new rules are no longer available to the citizens , and it would not be desirable .
In my opinion , this debate on clear restrictions between national and European powers is not a threat , but rather a step in the right direction .
It would be even better to create such a clear distribution and European constitution .
Thirdly and lastly , Mr President , we have to move away from those endless , mainly by officials , to take up intergovernmental conferences .
Far more efficient is the way in which the Charter of Fundamental Rights has been applied .
I very much hope that the Commission will withdraw its proposal for setting up a forum of this kind , since such a comprehensive body is unable to take the right decisions .
A convention also serves to benefit from the national parliaments .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I do not want to say that , after all , no one is listening .
The President of the EPP Group has just complained that he is not listening .
I am referring to the Commission &apos; s proposal for a foreign and security policy .
There are two aspects , the geographical and content of the content .
I am in fact in agreement with the largest part of the Commission &apos; s geographical envoy , following one point : there is no mention of the Middle East .
We have been in the past and I hope that in the future we will also be the biggest biggest and prosperous world and the region .
It is not enough to allow me to choose a process of conduct which will allow other political content .
We need a different role to play in the negotiations in the Middle East .
We hope that this is not only the task of the Council and the High Representative of the CFSP , but we expect an important , creative initiative from the Commission .
In essence , we need the Commission &apos; s presence in the common European security and defence policy .
Our Parliament welcomes the development in this area in Mrs Lalumière &apos; s report , but I would like to follow the example of my colleague &apos; s rejection of my colleague , Mr Nassauer &apos; s rigid discrimination , especially in this area .
Our Parliament wants a common , not a single European security and defence policy .
The Commission is obliged to strengthen the adoption of this policy .
They want to do a contribution to crisis management and conflict prevention , and this is a good thing .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to ask you : please , please have necessary discussions with the President of the Commission during the debate because he is not listening to , and I am sure he will listen to him .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the Commission on his presentation today and to his report on the year 2000 .
I would also like to highlight the important role of the European Union Charter of Fundamental Rights , and I congratulate Commissioner Vitorino on his important speech .
Mr President , the fundamental rights of the European Union , Mr President , we must now see how we are involved in this Charter .
After all , fundamental rights must be given to those who break them within the European Union .
Therefore , I believe that all those initiatives which relate to the third pillar are fundamental to this Parliament .
The chairman of our group , Hans @-@ Van Gorsel , and many other speakers have expressed their views today .
We are extremely important in the context of the communitisation of Maastricht in the third pillar .
In my opinion , there is an initiative which the Commission has outlined in its chambers and which we attach great importance to the European search .
I believe that in the European Union we must no longer place any place for terrorists , for terrorists who were a second bomb in Madrid , and a attack on people &apos; s lives in Madrid and a attack on people &apos; s lives .
I am sure , Mr President , that this initiative , one of the priorities of the Commission , will soon become a reality .
I would therefore like to encourage you to move ahead .
Mr President , I must unfortunately repeat the observation which I met last year , namely that our Union is lacking .
This is not a accusation to President Prodi or the Commission , because the Commission is undoubtedly working on it , or perhaps I should like to say that they are dealing with it .
They are dealing with almost too many aspects .
No one is able to follow up the publication of all the compliments made by the Commission and the Commissioners , and let alone play a single theme , let alone play a single theme .
That is the first conclusion : we should do less but better .
As President Prodi said this morning very well , it should not be possible to do so in the near future .
It is imperative to define who is doing what in our Union , i.e. the subsidiarity principle .
The Commission must not even build a sound legal argument , even if it did not take the decision of a national Parliament to build a motorway , the decision of a regional parliament , or the decision of a super @-@ Europeans , because it falls under subsidiarity .
The President of the Commission was aware of the right questions this morning ; he has asked the right questions , but it is not his job to ask questions .
The Commission has a right of initiative ; it must make proposals .
In my time , it is not enough to continue this debate , but I must say that if we want to build the new European house , we do not only need to be able to move on and above all , but also one architects .
I hope , Mr President of the Commission , that you will be the architect of this .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to thank you for your statement today , which has opened a fundamental debate on what road we want to move towards as a Europe .
This discussion , Mr President , should play an important part in the European Parliament as a whole , in which all movements of Europe are officially represented by NATO .
And because today &apos; s discussion on all other forms of transport , theatre and mergers , you also have a reference to all the well @-@ known political personalities of Europe .
I am grateful for the fact that , in his &quot; letters from prison &quot; , the objectives made by the people of the people have to be pursued by the people , which must be pursued to improve the future .
Mr President , I was in fact in a position to secure a more balance in the employment policy programme which has been planned in the Commission &apos; s work programme , but it may well be possible to find some facts .
We need well @-@ balanced progress in the internal market policy , competition policy and social policy , but this can hardly serve the Commission &apos; s programme .
I fail to see a reference to @-@ based dependence on these policies .
In terms of competition policy and the single laws , for example , the merger regulation must be supplemented in connection with the rights of workers , including their social rights , and the same applies to public procurement .
I have had a lot of praise for the recognition of the relations on the part of the World East .
The development of the economy and the internal market will make progress much more quickly than in the social field , which can easily lead to an impact on an imbalance .
In the Commission &apos; s work programme , I also find that there are little references to the social agenda agreed in Nice in December .
We can expect further progress in the field of open coordination , which is now the existing area of employment and , in addition , to social protection .
I would also like to raise a fundamental problem here that Parliament and its rapporteurs do not have the Commission &apos; s documents in time .
In the context of this new forms of coordination , we must keep the usual environmental requirements .
Furthermore - and in the end , the Commission &apos; s work programme , with its promises , will present a Green Paper on social liability by the year 2006 .
A Green Paper of this kind must be on the thousands of workers who have become victims of restructuring over recent weeks , such as a poor joke .
The legal framework in this area must be reviewed and I hope that the Commission will react quickly .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we consider it to be very positive that you also have measures and initiatives to promote the Union in order to promote development policies , which are also linked to asylum and migration .
However , I would like to demand a few basic points , and we expect the consequences and that you are looking at your initiatives and that you will consider that they are not in conflict with previous initiatives .
I can tell you , for example , that we sometimes are missing from a example of the draft which has been referred to by the President @-@ in @-@ Office of the Council on the so @-@ called family reunification .
When it comes to family reunification , the spouses , the minors of minors , are a very positive measure in the interests of a integration policy which deserves our full support .
However , if you are to receive the same title of those who have the right to family reunification after a year , you will be able to go far beyond the whole of the European Union , then the consequences are obviously not taken into consideration and are also contrary to your communications in the context of your communication .
In addition , you will have the right to decide the Member States which , and how many human resources have been created in the Union , is in conflict with what you think positive .
Mr President of the Commission , we want to support you , but we can only do this if your initiatives are not contradictory and if initiatives are resolved and not to turn new problems .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , we agree that in Lisbon we need a knowledge economy .
I am delighted that Mr Prodi has pointed out the importance of sustainable sustainable development which has gone far beyond the natural environment .
We welcome the rapid developments in the energy market , despite the fact that there is a risk of growth between the objectives of Europe and the objective of sustainable development .
I hope that you will be consistent with the use of renewable energy sources and saving energy saving .
As far as trade is concerned , we also believe a new WTO round , which should also be compatible with restrictions on sustainable and sustainable development .
I would like to express my deep disappointment at Mr Prodi &apos; s deep disappointment at the fact that , once again , it has failed to include the European Parliament more commercial matters in commercial matters .
I urge you to draft an interinstitutional agreement which guarantees the involvement of the European Parliament in commercial matters .
We believe to see reform and democratisation of the WTO .
We believe that the concept of &apos; all goods &apos; is not used for a good step , even though some of us regret the delays in the world &apos; s least developed countries , that we are not so serious about this .
With regard to innovation and research , we see a detailed sixth framework programme .
It is clear and vague proposals that the transposition and vague proposals are being delayed and there is a lot of deep concern and disappointment .
The European research area is of course very important .
We believe that information on benchmarking is extremely important , especially in the field of economy and innovation .
I am surprised to hear my surprise as to Mr Ferber for two minutes .
Ferber ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
Mr President , you have taken the floor here and no surprise , Mr President of the Commission .
The Commission has presented a multi @-@ annual work programme for the year 2001 , and one can surely be told that it is , of course , a matter of urgency .
However , when I look at the allocation of appropriations from 2000 , i.e. from the working programme for this year , I have already insisted that , at the end of this year , we will only have room for new initiatives at the end of the day .
In other words , you should consider whether you should not be able to draw up in anticipation of what is to be done in the post @-@ Nice process , namely whether you should not be able to focus on the necessary definitions , and whether you , as the Commission , could lead to the necessary definitions in this Europe .
To achieve this , you would be able to arrange that you do not arrange so many items in the next or next year , to others , to learn that people see what is important in important decisions in this Europe .
I really would like to encourage you - and I have read everything with great care , which you are proposing to check , whether or not it might be necessary to check whether or not this is a matter of geographical delimitation of competences .
A second issue I would like to address is because I am a committed human being for representative democracy .
I have a little concern about your approach of new governance .
It is a question of the role of an elected parliament which must be given responsibility , even at home vis @-@ à @-@ vis the citizens , in the relations with associations .
At European level , many representatives from associations are constantly working on us in the offices and perhaps wonder sometimes where they are at home in Europe , who is actually left here in Europe ?
It cannot be the purpose of such a new approach that those who do not have the upper hand will have the upper hand , while those who have chosen , that is to say , the European Parliament , so that they can be restored .
President .
I think you have told me a few moments ago .
I am not referring to your surprise , but only your speaking time !
Mr President , I can fully concur with what Mr Ferber said .
I will not tell you about the many proposals made in my development sector , i.e. environmental policy and consumer protection .
I will therefore say nothing because I assume that half a half will not be given to half the next year .
You would have tried in a German army : you have tried .
But they would not wish to find a new job in order to find a new job .
If you talk about good governance , Mr Prodi , you are also aware of the good governance of the Commission , which you draw up and take on board the Commission &apos; s ability to take and choose personnel in time and staff .
In good governance , what governance does it mean ?
What is actually the case ?
Does this mean transparency ?
Go , Mr Prodi .
We are all very happy to do so , but is there to be more participation from the size of the size which you choose and with which you are able to choose more transparency ?
I am not saying that this is no longer transparent .
And to reduce procedures , Mr Prodi .
Yes , I am in favour of reducing the procedures , including to reduce the procedures in the Commission .
I am also in favour of reducing the procedures in Parliament , but I am referring to this , but are the solution to the industry ?
quicker ?
And who is checks ?
Who sanctioned them if they do not function ?
Is this more democracy , ask me ?
You , Mr Prodi , are selected and has been confirmed by the Heads of Government .
However , we in the European Parliament have chosen the European Union to be elected , and this is directly elected .
The definition of this European Parliament has a central role to play in civil society , as you say so well , and I hope you can agree with what you can see .
I would warn against all the Commission &apos; s key role in this European Parliament , Mr Prodi .
In fact , good governance seems to be good news at the moment for the Commission , governance and governance , and I urge you to be able to be able to carry out the decision @-@ makers , and I would therefore urge you to be able to carry out the decision @-@ makers and the body which you carry out .
Mr President , last week my country found the cries of twelve people who tried to reach the European Union in the European Union last year .
Mr Prodi says that the European Union and its institutions are closer to the citizens .
In my opinion , issues relating to the implementation of the area of freedom , security and justice are certainly sensitive to the citizens of the Union .
We are in a very strange situation .
The Commission &apos; s legislative programme is well drafted by Mr Vitorino &apos; s proposals . They have made it clear that there is a time limit for them and we can discuss them and discuss them .
There is a good communication on immigration - I hope Mr Poettering is well informed about a consensus which is based on a common policy .
The same applies to asylum and cooperation , for example , as my colleague said , in the fight against terrorism .
Since Tampere and the last week in Stockholm , the Council stressed that it has to be remembered that the decisions of this European Council in Tampere have been warned on the decisions taken by this European Council in Tampere ; it is a legitimate way of doing so .
There has not been one single of the proposals that were taken on the table , not to family reunification or other questions .
Mr Prodi , you said before this House that there will be delays in the implementation of these policies ; you said in Nice , and you said that it does not have the responsibility of the Commission .
What will the Commission do to defend this part of the legislative programme , which I would like to stress .
Thank you .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the few minutes available to me , I cannot answer all the speeches that have been made , but I would like to highlight some of them , and I would like to highlight some of them , so as to highlight the general direction .
First of all , Mr Cox &apos; s speech has been referred to the problem of constant drug @-@ related issues , not on the basis of the electoral process , but rather the same .
Needless to say , it is absurd that we should be able to make an approach on the part of the auction programme , which is absurd from the context of the World Cup , but it is a matter of urgency that we should be able to define the concept of the game , and we must , as this morning , establish concrete priorities in order to give a thought of our policy .
In addition , I also believe that a government should be rather confused or tedious : we are trying to limit them at a minimum level , but that is quite simply a business .
Today and during the last session we have presented a programme for strategic planning .
The Parliament will certainly appreciate that I have identified the strict priorities , but these strict priorities will be required , which will be exceptionally tedious .
But the policy is , first and foremost , a vision and then it will be .
Secondly , all of Mr Hänsch and many other Members have underlined the fact that in the Commission and in many other Members of Parliament , cooperation is about cooperation .
Mr Hänsch was even talking about a joint proposal from our two institutions .
I do not know whether this would be helpful ; of course we have to work together in cooperating with a joint decision to reach a common decision .
However , the positions taken by these decisions may well be different , and then in a common proposal , we are continuing to ensure that we continue to achieve a consensus in committees , in our daily work , in order to deal with the investigation , the analysis and the difficult bottlenecks of the problems .
We will have to work provisionally after a complex timetable - and this is the third problem which has been raised by Mr McMillan @-@ Weggen and by many of Mr McMillan @-@ Weggen and many others .
We really have a difficult timetable : we all talk about 2004 and 2004 a year of the total revolution of Parliament and the Commission .
If we really want to make this process a clear and united step , it must be concluded by the end of 2003 .
I would like to highlight this as a problem which we must consider because , as you know , the European elections are held in the spring of 2004 , and then the new Commission will be appointed , and then the new Commission will be appointed in January 2005 .
That is why it is a year of changeover and I believe that this Parliament will , of course , be responsible for the most important political union of the Union .
I ask this problem because I think it is inescapable .
Furthermore , this change cannot be done by two parliaments or at a transitional stage , at a stage where the Commission has no powers of power or , at the end of the day , to get rid of its mandate and at the end of the day .
I am sceptical about this problem without finding a solution , but I think we need to consider the date for 2004 - that we have a long way to take into account the fact that we need to take account of a solution and a solution which must be taken into consideration .
Both Mr Swoboda , Mr Hänsch , Mr Voggenhuber and Mr Corbett referred to a further number of major areas which I would like to avoid , where the major debate on Europe should be monitored .
On the maritime market , we are in principle in principle , and we will see whether we can succeed in doing good work and to bring civil society into the debate .
In any event , this is our concern , and Parliament and the Commission must help each other to supervise this debate .
With regard to the attack , I would also like to avoid any kind of transport . In my opinion , the debate on the future of Europe is a long way to go .
I repeat my comments and I would like to clarify them . We must give a more binding body on the model of the Convention which has drawn up the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I repeat that the model has to be drawn up , and the body of the Convention must be distinguished from the Convention , it must probably be a small and medium @-@ sized scale .
So far , I am talking about the model .
However , we must develop this model .
I endorse the proposal made by Michel Barnier and the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
This body must make proposals which will not necessarily ensure unanimity , because the time will come to this end , which will only be the case , which will only be difficult to achieve .
We must therefore consider that we have to consider the same objectives as to the same objectives .
We have to work - and we must work on this - some of the principles .
Once again , the European Parliament must be involved , and the national parliaments , the governments of the Member States and the Commission will be involved .
This is still the nature of the Union and the strength of the Union .
I have , of course , taken note of your concern that this body should not be too great , and I share the fact that it will be difficult to restrict the existence of these four structures , which is why it will be difficult to limit this institutional structure .
However , we have to face the enormous task of ensuring that the four structures of these four structures and a sufficient number of Members are able to ensure that decisions are taken and the decisions are not adopted unanimously , because the decisions will not be taken by a majority .
In my opinion , this will be possible to work together and to reach proposals for final proposals .
I would like to make another comment .
We have committed ourselves to two points : we want to participate in the candidate countries - and this participation is still not perfect , but probably they will not have the right to vote , but probably it is not clear .
This is something we must do , and this is why we must consider the necessary procedures .
Finally , we agree that we should go further on the four issues from Nice .
Let us be content on the content and then we can be able to give a name to this effect , irrespective of whether the Assembly , Council , committee or whatever .
In any case , I believe that this is the operational content which we must base ourselves .
There is a number of other concerns about the question of subsidiarity and proportionality .
I can assure you that this is a very fundamental principle of our Commission , which is perfectly compatible with the fact that we must and must make recommendations .
It was an interesting example .
It is not a question of God &apos; s desire to unify the visa requirements for imports in Europe , but we must often help our young workers who are often moving from one Member State to another .
The single European sky must not be compulsory , but it is undoubtedly an instrument which facilitates mobility in the various Member States .
We need common sense to recognise that there are matters which we can settle and which sometimes seem illogical , but which must be done to support our decisions .
Then there are many other things which really are pointless .
Finally , I also welcome Mr Fiori and Mr Sakellariou &apos; s emphasis on Mediterranean policy .
This year we spoke little about this , which is understandable , because we are right - and rightly so , because we are right - and rightly so .
It is a fairly concrete programme for the Mediterranean , last year in Israel and Palestine , last month in Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia and last week in Jordan , Syria and in Lebanon .
I can assure you that there is a desire to give a call for Europe not only because of economic problems , but also for the benefit of the economic problems we are receiving to the people of these countries .
However , there are two new , important demands that were put to us by all the Members of us : firstly , the transition from bilateral assistance to multilateral development , which is to be extended to the whole area , should not be extended to the whole area but also to include groups , for example , and the Maghreb .
It is a strong desire for a Europe which , as the European Union is aware , is all the same as the European Union , all the time as the European Union , and that is the best way of looking at the way in which these countries are treated and , in particular , best suited to the cooperation of these countries .
Secondly , the Union is also calling for the peace negotiations .
The international situation will , of course , depend on whether this question can be resolved .
I am presenting this request before the European Parliament , because it has been expressly committed to me : he was expressly committed to the fact that we are aware of the problems that we are familiar with them on a daily basis .
I am very disciplined when it comes to the Mediterranean , not only because I was born there , but because I would like to remind you that cooperation , peace , war and association between the regions and cultures will probably depend on this area .
I would like to bear this in mind , too , because it has already been a thought and the Spanish Presidency has already discussed it with a view to a Euro @-@ Mediterranean summit which is going to take place next year under the Spanish Presidency .
So it is absolutely appropriate for the work to be carried out in this year to prepare the work for this policy .
With regard to sustainable development , I agree with what has been said here .
However , I would like to reiterate that this is an extremely important but extremely difficult chapter .
We often want to reassure all our conscience , but sustainable development means that we have to make extremely difficult and difficult decisions which affect industry , our entrepreneurial life and the use of energy .
This is a great deal of great importance which we must not escape from , but we need a great deal of responsibility and a great deal of responsibility if we do not merely want to reassure our conscience , which is what we can do .
I also have to concern my concerns of emigration , internal security and foreign policy .
Finally , I would like to appeal to the request that some people have given me and that we should not hesitate to delay enlargement .
I must tell you that we are not delayed .
The Swedish Presidency has opened a strong and full boost , and Commissioner Verheugen has opened up the negotiating link in a rich de facto de facto media .
Now , because of the critical phase of major political decisions - agriculture , environmental policy , the Structural Funds , the very difficult process and us will be directed at a great deal of political wisdom because this is the process which is currently taking place .
I have recently referred to Kofi Annan ; the enlargement process will be a very important message of peace and civilisation to the whole world .
We must solve the concrete problems so that this message can really be created .
I would like to finish off by saying a word about the request made by one of your colleagues , Mr Goebbels .
The Commission is not just here in order to express its opinions on these issues , but also to make proposals and to be the architect of this new building , , of course , of your help , of your cooperation and of your monitoring .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place at 12 noon .
Nevertheless , I would like to start with the next debate because , after the time allotted to night sitting , we will be grateful for the time allotted to night sitting and for each minute to be grateful for each minute .
restructurings and mergers
The next item is the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard to the Commission on Community initiatives in connection with the social impact of restructuring and mergers in industry .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this question is to the Commission .
Just a few months ago our President , Mrs Fontaine , at the European Council in Lisbon , has expressed their concern about the disastrous effects of certain restructuring and mergers .
You asked the Heads of State and Government to take the necessary measures to achieve this balanced approach to competition and its social impact , so that the necessary social measures can be implemented .
In this connection , Mrs Fontaine has highlighted an essential problem : how can we achieve the flexibility of companies and the essential security of workers together ?
Since Lisbon , restructuring has been increased .
You are now talking about more specific mergers per year .
Every day , new growth systems are created for workers , in the sectors which have weakened the old economy , which is the most part of the old economy , or whether it is the new economy .
The Nice Summit has set very positive messages in this respect .
The agreement reached after thirty years ago on the European company statute , as well as adopting the adoption of the social agenda , shows the importance of the European Council to improve the situation of the workers in the Union .
With regard to these - I would like to stress - and I would like to stress this - a unanimous question of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs today , which is clear on these new political responsibilities and to put their proposals on board .
We will therefore allow the Commission to provide precise commitments .
First , we want to see the social consequences of restructuring .
For example , how do you intend to use the new European Monitoring Centre for working relations , which worked on the Dublin Foundation and the European Parliament &apos; s construction ?
We want the existing social directives to be carried out on the basis of the assessment of their application as well as new methods .
We are continuing to insist that , wherever this is necessary , you will be able to propose the necessary changes to the necessary changes , so that measures can be taken in order to ensure that the rights of employees are protected and coordinated in order to guarantee the rights of the tourist industry as well as possible .
In this context , we welcome the fact that the Commission is already presenting , and not just as announced in 2002 , the review of the current directive on European Works Councils , which was scheduled for a review of the current directive on European Works Councils .
We also call on you to review the directive on collective redundancies , the necessary provisions to prevent violations of non @-@ compliance with the protection of workers .
We want to continue - and as we know , Mrs Diamantopoulou is not totally opposed to this idea , which is something that I am sure I am sure - that the internal competition policy is changing in the Commission in order to take account of the social aspects of the Commission .
Would it not be normal if a company in Brussels is to approve the approval of a merger that the Commission will then be complying with the minimum minimum standards for informing and consulting workers .
These are our demands , Commissioners ; they are a symbol of the public and are justified by the point of view of workers , let me say that it is economically useful , because how should a knowledge economy not work ?
The vote on this oral question was unanimously adopted in my committee , as was unanimity in the motion for a resolution before us today .
I must add that the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has tabled a further draft .
As we have the same mind as our Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party voted in favour of the first resolution , and in particular the question of my committee , we have made a misunderstanding of the fact that the liberal friends made a misunderstanding .
No one should see a conflict ; we shall regulate this because we have been working in complete agreement with the liberals .
Commissioners , we await your replies .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Europe needs to reconcile the need for economic restructuring and its social consequences by promoting innovation and social cohesion by bringing forward changes to change .
Our positive and proactive reaction to change has three important aspects : improvements in our capacity , change in the field of restructuring , and the development of the workers in Dublin , and the development of the labour Funds in Dublin , and the development of the social economy of companies .
The setting up of a monitoring centre for industrial change is one of the actions adopted at the Nice Summit , which was adopted at the Nice Summit , which was adopted at the Nice Summit .
In view of the current situation in terms of mergers and acquisitions , I have a great deal of importance to see .
The Dublin Foundation has included this initiative in its four @-@ year programme .
Given the limited resources of the Foundation for 2001 , the work programme for 2001 provides only the education programme for 2001 .
In this way , the basis for further developing the monitoring centre from 2002 will be created , provided that additional resources are made available .
The guidelines for the old years have been drawn up on countless massive redundancies and the transition from companies to achieve full employment and slow change .
The situation in the world has since changed radically .
Consequently , the provisions of these directives are not in favour of the requirements of workers and employers .
Today , the emphasis on the promotion of flexibility , employment , employability and adaptability is today .
We can only overcome the weaknesses in the current regulations and the national systems of commercial recovery will only be more effective if we are to be able to achieve economic and strategic issues , with economic and strategic issues in each company at its heart .
This is the objective of the Commission &apos; s proposal on informing and consulting them .
If we are to adopt this general framework , it is clear that the specific provisions on mass redundancies and the transition from businesses are also possible , as it would be possible to prevent crises in working relations in our working relations .
However , if they are not to be avoided , no doubt that those who were normally leaving the wayside in good time would be able to adapt to the changes in their employment situation .
I know that you are very supportive of this approach and the Commission shares the Commission &apos; s satisfaction that progress could be made in this sensitive area .
With your support and the &apos; political will of the Council &apos; s political will , we should be able to put forward the proposal before the end of the year .
I also share your view that the directive on European Works Councils should sooner or later be updated .
Nevertheless , we could be very grateful to an evaluation of the extensive experience of the directive .
However , some of the measures that have been taken should be brought to light , which are very close to us .
First of all , it must be done on the matter of informing and consulting them .
At the end of last year , an important document was adopted and a long @-@ term document was adopted , namely the status of the European company statute .
This is , in this context , worth mentioning because it is clear that many major @-@ performance companies in Europe will be able to decide for this new decision @-@ making process , if they start to anticipate new economic and market conditions .
One of the main characteristics of this Statute is the fact that there are far @-@ reaching provisions to include workers &apos; participation in the time @-@ to @-@ date approach , which is reflected in the proposed approach to the report and to communicate at national level .
This will undoubtedly help to enhance the social dimension in Europe .
The adoption of documents on the European company has paved the way for five additional legislative proposals , and this is a three per cent of ambiguities , veterinary and associations and the draft directive on bio @-@ Community mergers and the transfer of classified in another Member State .
All these instruments require the same type of provisions for European directors .
This is another reason why we need to wait for the revision of the directive on European Works Councils , which , moreover , can only benefit from the debates on these other dossiers .
These debates will undoubtedly help us to provide solutions to the debate which we will be discussing when we come to this task .
I know that the House is concerned about informing and consulting workers in the context of mergers and acquisitions .
As you know in the past , we are discussing how we can tackle these concerns better .
In the merger regulation , workers and representatives of workers have already given the right to hearing the right of hearing by the Commission to check whether the merger is compatible with the provisions of the EC Treaty .
We have ready to make these sessions more systematic .
In addition , we could remind companies of their responsibilities and obligations with regard to the hearing and information of workers who are often affected by these measures .
Since social cohesion is now one of the most important priorities in Europe , it cannot be restricted to public authorities alone .
Of course , it is expected that they , like any other part of society , will make their contribution .
That is how the social responsibility of companies is now an essential element in the European strategy for social cohesion .
A company is responsible for this , if it is to be more profitable and profitable , and that it will be fully based on its social responsibility .
In response to the Lisbon Summit , the Commission has included this issue in the social sense of companies which , published in June 2000 , has incorporated the social agenda and highlights the need to harmonise the social and monetary consequences of the new economy .
She has announced a communication to support initiatives relating to social responsibilities and the management of change .
Furthermore , the Commission intends to present a Green Paper on the development of companies at European level this year .
I would like to conclude by saying that it is only through the interaction between the various measures I have mentioned , and the public authorities , private organisations , workers and the social partners at all levels in order to find a satisfactory solution to the social consequences of industrial change and the environment .
Each individual measure is important and each individual action requires a friendly and structured approach by decision makers .
I know that you share this view and I thank you for your support .
Ladies and gentlemen , in accordance with Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure , I have received a motion for a resolution by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
Mr President , this is not exactly the time for such a debate .
I am very satisfied with the Commissioner &apos; s reply .
In my opinion , it contains a number of things , especially if we look at it once again - some interests of business interests in order to reach this question .
Every restructuring will be subject to whether our institutional structure for handling such cases is appropriate .
That is also understandable .
The EU Treaty , specifically Article 136 , contains this task of the Union .
There is , of course , a degree of balance : the companies should have the freedom to make the free liberty , which will guarantee their commercial growth , and thereby contribute to addressing the problem of structural unemployment in Europe .
On the other hand there is a moral obligation to listen to employees .
In this connection , I would like to mention an example in Germany .
If these differences are indeed respected , one particular issue may be subject to a much more rapid problem than if this is not the case .
It is true that the structural change in the face of restructuring , which is now in other countries in Europe today in other European countries , is clear .
This is why it is absolutely essential that this subject should be set up as quickly as possible and will be brought to an end , preferably in the foreseeable future .
We want to achieve this with the present question .
With regard to the motion for a resolution , Mr Rocard has quite rightly submitted it on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
However , there are also some amendments to make it clear that it is necessary to emphasise how necessary it is to adopt companies as far as its strategy is concerned .
Although this is implicitly included in the resolution , it is implicitly included , but not so helpful .
We shall therefore vote in favour of the resolution , subject to the amendments which may , of course , be debated until Thursday .
Mr President , Members at this side of the House want to put a stop to restructuring , but it is to be done in a socially diverse way .
We are seeking a more liberal approach to economic restructuring and thus change .
We are in the process of drawing up a social responsibility of social responsibility , but it can only become a reality if we have an update of progress in this field .
We have a real partnership and the advantages for the European Union .
However , the recent trends in the UK and throughout the European Union show that we are still far from perfect .
Frankly , the workers in the north and Wales , in the north and Holland , are the idea of having a social responsibility of social responsibility , as I have already said , as a poor joke .
The promise of a Green Paper to present a Green Paper is not an adequate response to the desperation of those workers , their families and whole communities .
We demand a revision of the legislation on collective redundancies and the transition from companies and the directive on European Works Councils to ensure that the directives are respected and not systematically undermined .
We are also in a position to adopt the general framework on the consultation and information of workers .
Only in this way can it be possible to inform and acquire a genuine partnership , based on a genuine partnership , a partnership which can contribute to improving innovation , competitiveness and productivity .
We are seeking a real partnership .
We are tired of being able to make a directive dependent on others - on the pretext that the directive on European Works Councils can only be revised if more practical experience is available and the Statute of the European negotiators is incorporated into force .
Yes , they must be drafted , but we must accept this package now and in order to improve the quality of informing and consulting workers .
We believe that we would be able to update legal legislation in this form , together with the new Monitoring Centre for industrial change , in order to achieve a more liberal approach to industrial change in the European Union .
I should like to appeal to the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
In January , the House entrusted us to examine the problem of restructuring in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
That is what we have done .
We have asked an oral question and tabled a motion for a resolution .
I would like to ask the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party to withdraw its extremely ambitious motion for a resolution .
That would be helpful .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , do you not have the impression that this Parliament does not have the impression that this Parliament is guilty of propaganda ?
We have had the same debate on 17 February , on 17 February .
I do not think that this would be as worrying as we could have been discussing this subject on 27 October 1999 .
What about Europe ?
It was agreed in Lisbon last year that the Union should become a competitive area , which is the most competitive area , and Parliament has supported this objective by an overwhelming majority .
On Thursday , we are holding a debate on the implementation of the European research area and the investments in research , technological development , innovation and education .
In addition , it is the best way to competitivity of companies , because if a company is not competitive , this means the loss of jobs .
From this point of view , it is sometimes inevitable that company restructuring and , sometimes , painful actions must take place , such as those of the workers &apos; workers , and , in the most appropriate case , the dismissal of workers .
Obviously , the rights of workers must be safeguarded in the various EU directives .
You will understand that the ELDR Group cannot agree to Mr Rocard &apos; s question and , as a result , the report from the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , because it demonstrates once again that the European Parliament has abolished a quite selective memory .
In fact , the joint resolution talks only about the agenda of the Nice social agenda , but Lisbon will be built on .
We are therefore going to submit a number of amendments in accordance with Lisbon &apos; s objectives .
Mr Rocard does not agree directly with Mr Rocard &apos; s view , but he is mistaken .
However , we will have to withdraw our motion for a resolution .
Mr President , in view of the recent examples of restructuring , we have not yet had a better opening up on this subject .
As has already been pointed out , the Dutch Dutch companies are sending a classic example for a company which , as far as its decision is concerned , is a prime example of a company which takes advantage of its decisions , and not at the expense of the disastrous social effects of the actions of the actions .
In fact , the reduction in total of 6 000 jobs in the UK has announced that nearly 3 000 jobs are being transferred to my signatories .
Despite speculation on scrapie , companies were not prepared to inform the government before the official sitting on 1 February , and let alone his workers be informed of his plans .
A first hearing of the workers did not go on , despite the fact that the company has carried out a so @-@ called &apos; hearing &apos; .
Reviewing speculation will show the Danone of the Danone industry , a very large company in Europe .
Here too , there has been no need for alternative solutions to be found .
This is why , in addition to the adoption of the directive on informing and consulting workers , and the revision of the directive on European Works Councils in my constituencies , it is important not to have any time being lost .
We cannot allow firms to be treated as such .
There is a definitive framework of control measures and sanctions which we can use .
We must ensure that they are applied .
Mr President , in the light of flood and restructuring in industry , which lead to thousands of jobs , many workers and Europe &apos; s citizens are on Friday &apos; s feet , and even because of the rules governing free competition .
It is high time for workers to be given to the workers .
There is a blatant contradiction between the Council and the Commission for the priority of employment and the redundancies of large companies who profit from the same profit @-@ making process .
Michelin , restructuring , Danone and Alsthom are not companies which are bad .
They are competitive because they are more than sufficient profits , but thousands of jobs are being made .
The Danone case is significant : 3 000 tonnes in Europe , 1 700 in France .
In 2000 , the European works in this society represents a total of EUR 429 million for this society , 17 % more than 1999 .
We can no longer tolerate these ever new mergers , men and women in unemployment and despair in mass and desperation .
Whatever so often in this society we remain a mere hour when employees are to take decisions , from those who depend their future and their future , which depend on their future and their country .
Moreover , how can we accept that companies that have the honour to support the relevant public service obligations do not comply with the commitments made ?
This aid should be brought back to the community in such cases , which must pay for the social consequences of the financial profitability of the financial profitability market .
I do not think that the problem cannot be restricted to employability and adaptability and not to be a mere handling of the social consequences , as the Commissioner has done .
That is why I supported the proposals contained in the resolution and the amendments to clarify and strengthen certain aspects .
If we are to fulfil the democratic requirements of employees and citizens , further steps are needed .
I believe that the extension of the rights to be extended to the possibility of suspension of planned redundancies and the end of the current electoral process must be put to the end .
Each party must include social clauses .
Similarly , penalties for failure to comply with the non @-@ compliance of the directives are needed .
At a time when a great deal of the European identity and the affirmation of their development is a text which does not seem to me to be a good idea to give the Union a success of certain workers &apos; rights to benefit the Union .
I shall therefore vote in favour of the resolution which , I hope , will be added to a number of amendments .
I have received a motion for a resolution pursuant to Rule 42 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
Since it is time for voting time , this debate will be adjourned ; it will resume at 3 p.m .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
Vote
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0021 / 2001 ) by Mr Dover , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the Commission report on the effects of the transitional period of Directive 94 / 33 / CE on the Commission &apos; s report on the impact of certain provisions of Directive 94 / 33 / 2002 ( COS ) )
Parliament adopted the resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0038 / 2001 ) by Mr Zimeray , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request to waive the immunity of Mr José e Castro ( COS ) )
( Parliament adopted the proposal for a decision )
Recommendation for second reading ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 ) by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Council &apos; s common position ( 14094 / 1 / 2000 - C5 @-@ 0341 / 2000 - in order to establish the European Parliament &apos; s and the trans @-@ European conventional rail system )
( The President declared the common position approved )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 ) by Mr Van Dam , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a directive by the European Parliament and the Council on the proposal for a directive on the safe status of the European Parliament and the Council , on the proposal for sensitive periods of time and in unloading operations ( 2000 / Office )
Before the vote on Amendment No 227 ( PSE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , I propose an oral amendment to this amendment to replace the words &apos; professional qualifications &apos; .
President .
Are there any comments ?
MacCormick ( Verts / ALE ) .
Mr President , the interpreters gave the oral amendment to the oral amendment .
However , the voting list is &quot; rationalised &quot; .
A &apos; knowledge &apos; is the right word .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 ) by Mr Bakopoulos , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the subject of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism on the basis of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
The proposal for a European Parliament regulation and Council regulation on maritime safety and the prevention of the regulations on maritime safety and the prevention of the pollution on maritime safety and the prevention of the pollution on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by ships ( 2000 / Office )
The proposal for a directive on the European Parliament and Council directive to amend the directives on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution by ships ( 2000 ) 219 - 2000 / paternity ( 2000 ) &#93;
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 ) by Mr Nicholson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation with measures to recover the accident in the Irish Sea ( C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 ) for 2001 ( C5 @-@ 0304 / 2000 )
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE- Report ( A5 @-@ 0029 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) In order to justify European aid , the rapporteur refers to the difficult economic situation in Cambodia and on the basis of the implementation of the mine action programmes required in this region , but the implementation of the relevant action programmes and the implementation of the United States of America , as well as France and the United States .
If it is a simple and misleading help of Europeans as an excuse for years , it would , of course , disappear and destruction in these two countries without any compensation .
That is why we abstained from these reports .
Dover Report ( A5 @-@ 0360 / 2001 )
- ( FR ) The United Kingdom had provided for the regulation to be sufficient to comply with the regulation relating to working time and working work for young people .
The Commission and the report propose that this derogation should end .
We can be pleased to see that the United Kingdom is applying for rules now in the world of employment .
However , in reality , the full agreement that has been made between the overwhelming majority and Labour , Liberal and Social Democrats , on the end of this transitional period , is that , according to what the report itself says , is sufficient to guarantee the opportunities for ensuring the necessary flexibility .
This goes to show that this regulation of the European institutions cannot be evaded , but that they are not just to protect their use of young people as a result .
We have therefore voted against this report .
- ( FR ) Unfortunately , the situation of young people in young people will hardly improve in the position of this resolution .
Because because , because the scandal of the British derogation was suspended , the United Kingdom has not taken account of the needs of the directive on the limit of children &apos; s children and young people .
On the contrary , this debate should have been intended to put forward a change in order to remove all the derogations which they are getting into practice .
It is in no way justifiable that the people of 14 , or even 13 years , have any work at all ( Article 4 ( 1 ) ) in addition to their commitments ( Article 8 ( 1 ) or , during the holidays , Article 8 ( 1 ) ) .
Neither are there any grounds for derogations , according to which young people are over 40 per week , more than 40 per annum , more than 8 per annum ( 5 8 ) or even night ( paragraph 8 ) or even night .
It is totally justified that , in order for a family or work , there is no restrictions whatsoever ( Article 2 ( 2 ) .
It is impossible to condemn child labour in Asia or Africa if we protect our young young people against economic exploitation and work , and not recognised that they are not recognised by entrepreneurs in an economic exploitation .
I wholeheartedly support the report from Mr Dover , which serves to improve the working conditions of young people in Britain .
The report argues that the United Kingdom fulfils the provisions of a directive dating from 1994 to eight hours per day and 40 hours per week , even though they are covered by certain conditions and for night work .
Employment , especially employment , is of paramount importance both for our young people and our economy .
We must do nothing about the employment prospects of young people in Great Britain .
There are , however , many employers in their young labour industry and they are they they have to operate without apparent grounds .
A very serious risk and difficult working conditions are present and can be harmful to the health and productivity of our young people .
It is therefore crucial that the working time is monitored and employers are prevented from preventing people from young people .
It is harmful and irresponsible .
We must stop them and protect our young people against the exploitation and exploitation of the professional exploitation of workers .
There are already legislation on working hours for young people .
We only need to ensure that they are respected .
It should help the sensible measures that the Commission has proposed .
I do not believe it is a ironic that those who constantly rejects the interference by the Brussels bureaucrats and this system rejected this report on social policy .
Once again this makes it more clear to Europe .
The Labour Government will mark entire efforts to create jobs for young people and for measures to protect them .
I strongly urge the House to support the protection of young people in Britain and vote for this report .
Savary report ( A5 @-@ 0016 / 2001 )
Mr President , I voted for this report to promote transport infrastructures in Europe , because a European railway system is an important objective for the Union .
Before I travel to Strasbourg , I am referring to some pensioners , for the committee to vote in favour of this report by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , and we would like to travel to the train by building Europe .
That is why we hope that we would like to see a selling , wit restaurants and television .
The Union can and must give us this right .
I am sure that Mr Hatzidakis will make this possible . &quot;
Mr President , the European Union is a major transport transport network for a cross @-@ border rail transport network , which is why it is essential for the national networks to combine a single European network .
A major step towards the direction of a trans @-@ European rail system is the development of the specifications used by the different railway undertakings .
Another important step forward is to create the creation of environmental measures and the elimination of studios in the less @-@ favoured regions .
By developing the infrastructure , the infrastructure will also take place in these regions and benefit from them .
( FR ) I welcome the report of Gilles Savary on the interoperability of the railway system , which is expressly accepted by the Council &apos; s common position , because this common position contains 33 amendments at first reading .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that the future of European transport is essential to the recovery of the railway sector .
As has already been pointed out , the investments made in the Union are still dependent on national @-@ rail investments .
Clearly , these national differences , despite the many advantages of this environment , are making a significant barrier to the development of rail transport in Europe .
At the same time , the completion of the internal market has led to a considerable increase in the volume of traffic in the European Union but , in particular , freight transport , particularly in freight transport .
There are numerous causes for the decline of railways , among other things , among others , that they are starting to establish the national perspective .
There is no single market for railway services at Community level .
Similarly , the railway systems do not always meet the new forms of activity of economic activity and the crisis , and also not the changes which change this change .
Apart from that , it is clear that the future of European transport requires a rapid recovery of the railway sector .
Looking at this , because I am convinced that the railways need to play a central role in solving the Union &apos; s electoral policies .
The people of Europe are increasingly suffering from pollution , traffic congestion and environmental traffic congestion problems which have been increasing by excessive dependence on road transport over the last 30 years .
The aim of sustainable mobility is therefore linked to rail transport .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament has been able to implement amendments which seek greater inclusion of social provisions , such as professional qualifications and conditions for safety and safety at work .
A number of sensitive points have also been taken by the Council , and this is also true of the protection of the existing railway system , adopting a derogation or definition of special cases concerning the situations of those countries which have been cut off from the Community .
The Council &apos; s common position is also realistic because it contains a multi @-@ annual work programme and takes account of the problems inherent in the railway sector .
For all these reasons , I voted for the Savary report .
We voted in favour of this report because the interoperability of the trans @-@ European rail network must be promoted .
At the moment , the negotiators have achieved its livelihood and must be re @-@ judged .
At the same time , we need to transfer more transport to the railways in order to leave the roads .
However , behind the commendable objectives of the rapporteur on the recovery of the railway sector , the spectre of liberalisation is forever a spectre of liberalisation , because the report also aims to contribute to opening up transport and transport systems as well as competitiveness of the railway sector overall .
On this point , we have strong reservations because we reject liberalisation in principle .
- ( FR ) If we really want to see a traffic rate in road traffic , we need to harmonise railway infrastructures in Europe together .
On this point , I can only agree with the rapporteur .
Furthermore , I would like to stress the inclusion of social standards , the professional qualifications and the conditions for safety and safety in the workplace , in the process of building a trans @-@ European rail system .
In my opinion , however , we must take care to ensure that harmonisation based on the basis of acquired social rights and not the disadvantage of the users and the employees of this sector .
There is , however , a dangerous confusion : what is to be done about creating the interoperability of the railway networks ?
The role of public services , as a guarantee qualified jobs , security or profit , is dominated by competition ?
The recent adoption of the three directives of the Rail Rail industry , by Parliament , recognises the future of trans @-@ European rail transport in this second perspective .
Van Dam report ( A5 @-@ 0037 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) Mr President , what has I meant to say in favour of the Van Dam report on safe times and unloading operations in relation to the electoral process ?
On this occasion I was speaking by Fatuzzo .
I say &apos; Jesuitical &apos; because , as you are not aware , I would have liked to have liked to have been able to go on at sea , perhaps at sea .
Mr President , my colleague , Mr Fatuzzo , whom I did not have , was , I said , but I have been told : &quot; Look at the accident for years at sea . &quot;
I would like to read this report on which the basis of red tape is to be avoided , but I must tell you Mr Fatuzzo , in your capacity as honourable Member , to say that ships are at the end of the day .
Even the old and no more non @-@ aligned vessels should be allowed to be able to make retirement pensions safer . &quot;
Now I do not know whether I am grateful to the honourable Member or Mr Fatuzzo !
- ( FR ) In addition to the fact that the call for special treatment on the other day , there are other ships in a deplorable state of affairs .
This may have a less serious impact on the climate but which is tragic when it comes to seeing that , within the last ten years , there were 800 000 deaths lost , killing reprocessing .
When we vote in favour of the report , we have voted in favour of practical measures to increase safety of veterinary legislation and legislation .
But we would like to emphasise what strikes conflict between the concerns concerned with regard to safety and those in relation to the risks mentioned in the report .
In order to try to make the profits of the tobacco industry and the people involved , safety will inevitably remain on the wayside .
It is a good thing that the captain should be able to put a stop to the possibility of abolishing coups d or abolishing coups d &apos; état which he considers as dangerous for the occupation or the ship .
It would , however , be foolish to accuse the fact that the laws of competition and profit merchants , as well as the labour market , are likely to ensure that the vessel &apos; s ability to be able to carry out dangerous and sometimes fatal legislation , which is a threat to the ownership of the vessel , is not enough .
In ten years &apos; time , almost 150 years old has been lost and 800 people have died .
This is the disastrous outcome of a market which is dominated by the laws on the market .
Like the rapporteur , I agree that the physical situation and lack of education flight flight flight legislation is the main reason for these disasters .
The first is , therefore , to control vessels and flight flight legislation and on their working and living conditions .
I therefore support all the appropriate measures to strengthen safety standards , road safety and the responsibility of ports or units .
However , the human and financial conditions must be created in order to establish the legal and financial conditions in the Member States , in particular by increasing the number of predicate offences .
Furthermore , the carelessness in the maritime fleet and impunity must be carried out in the face of the maritime fleet and impunity , which must be placed more accountable to the extent of legal and financial sanctions .
I will vote for all the proposals that are heading in this direction .
Bakopoulos report ( A5 @-@ 0031 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
( IT ) I have , of course , been unable to vote in favour of Mr Bakopoulos &apos; s report on the creation of the Committee on maritime transport and the prevention of pollution by ships .
This time , by e @-@ mail , I have spent a period of time when I come from the age of 21 years , as I have just said in the age of 21 years , that I have been working on the electoral route between New York and the back back .
This man &apos; s husband , which has now been won , said : &quot;
It is a good thing , however , you are also dealing with the safety of us ? &quot;
&quot; But I am sure ! &quot; replied I .
&quot; All of us are only patience , we will also have reports which deal &quot; .
- ( FR ) The rapporteur &apos; s proposal for the establishment of a &apos; Committee on maritime safety &apos; and the prevention of the environment in maritime transport and the prevention of pollution caused by the previous committees is another step towards improving the application of Community policy in the field of safety at sea , but also new opportunities for improvement in Community and international development .
However , the recent accident accidents in the Erika and the Shetland Islands showed us that the best resolutions cannot be achieved unless the conditions are applied and implemented .
Member States must therefore apply to the existing legislation , particularly those in the field of the prevention of water and the monitoring of training , and the working conditions on the board .
There are improvements to the number of checks and the quality of controls and the men , but also the greater financial responsibility responsible for all operators , such as land , agents , hauliers and societies .
I voted in favour of this report and I voted for the report .
Report Nicholson ( A5 @-@ 0042 / 2001 )
Fatuzzo ( PPE @-@ DE ) .
Mr President , I am not going to mention the issue of &apos; underground &apos; , i.e. cod .
I will put an excuse to the interpreters at this time to get this important and unequivocal justification in other languages .
The day is 13 February and tomorrow &apos; s day is the day of the day .
The European Parliament &apos; s ability to use the right time is to pay the right time , a day ago , with the day the day after which the Irish Sea was arrested in the Irish Sea and in favour of a directive on the recruitment of the electoral process in the Irish Sea , St. Valentine , with 30 April .
With regard to the respect of the fish , especially the European Parliament , the European Parliament has done a good job .
One of the keys to the biblical transport system and the transfer of water !
And !
That concludes the vote .
( The sitting was suspended at 11.50 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
restructurings and mergers in industry ( continuation )
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the oral question ( B5 @-@ 0008 / 2001 ) by Mr Rocard , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , to the Commission on Community initiatives in connection with the social impact of restructuring and mergers .
Mr President , Mr Representative of the Commission , the Charter of Fundamental Rights has been a major step towards the development of the citizens of the citizens ; it will be repeated by Mr Méndez de Vigo , which was repeated by the President of the Spanish Government , José María Aznar , in the convention on drawing up the Charter .
I believe that we like the Europeans to like this .
The creation of a social Europe in this long process seems to me to be the great challenge and the great opportunity to do so .
But this means that it is a specific time , under certain economic , social , political and political arenas .
The Lisbon Summit agreed to liberalise the markets for telecommunications , gas , electricity and transport .
We are in a process of the general globalisation of the environment and the indigenous labour market .
That is what we can ask ourselves ?
The social agenda adopted at this meeting , both Nice and the social agenda adopted at this meeting , underlines the need to include workers in the management of management and security and flexibility of economic growth .
This is why we must not forget the importance of globalisation in certain regions and areas , for example , where I come from the most remote regions , as in Galicia , and where the risk of globalisation is concerned , and where the risk of globalisation is concerned , and where the risk of globalisation is concerned and the main risk of globalisation .
Secondly , economic competitiveness and healthy society must not be in complete opposition to each other but must be imaginative .
Thirdly , industrial restructuring must be seen in the broadest sense of the term , which may be an economic point of view , and it is inevitable to take account of the social consequences of this restructuring , because economic policy and economic action in the Community must be prevented .
Fourthly and finally , the national Community aid , etc , should be accompanied by commitments to create employment and local or regional development .
These four points are only part of the considerations or considerations , the Commission and the Council must take account of industrial restructuring .
Of course , it is the participation of workers who should be involved .
Globalisation , Mr President , reduces economic disparities .
We must ensure that they do not increase social differences .
Mr President , Commissioner , the environmental impact of the industry is not the permanently unfounded industry in the way of the industry , which will lead to intensive practices .
It has been done in depth with technological backwardness and to deal with it , but never their social impact .
Are we talking about how much they have contributed to the impoverishment of the people and regions ?
How , and what price will they manage to achieve , what are they actually doing ?
How , and what extent are they more than 40 years &apos; time , are they more than 40 years ?
How do they make it possible to ensure that the real growth in the European Union is established between the haves and the year @-@ olds ?
The priorities of Lisbon should give rise to the priorities for employment , the sustainability of social protection and the fight against social exclusion and the fight against social exclusion and the precautionary approach .
We do not know how much it helps to contribute to the costs of social security , and we know how many other people will be able to depend on migratory flows .
Who is paying for social restructuring ?
The market or the employees of employees ?
That is not impossible and a fair change is impossible .
The social partners say no , and even a document has already signed a document on the implementation of the European society in connection with information and consultation .
Commissioner , we have also heard that the market is not ambitious and that political forces , institutional measures and social dialogue must intervene .
Equality and increasing crime are being created in society by means of the traditional economy and the so @-@ called new economy .
The Portuguese , French and the Swedish Presidency now gives expectations to the close of the pending dossiers .
But the Commission &apos; s programme for 2001 cannot be seen .
Mr President , nothing justifies that large companies in mergers or restructuring share part of their employees on the road , whereas a small proportion of their private profit is sufficient to maintain the local authorities .
The total simplification , the Danone , Michelin , rot , beautiful , beautiful and peace @-@ intensive , is the most sensitive nature of these companies , which are often hindering the most profitable nature of these companies .
We are opposed to the political movements which are justified in this House and elsewhere in this criminal act .
They only show the interests of society to be the interests of society but only the industry dominant industrial and oil industries are or shareholders .
But we are also opposed to those who engage in the social consequences of this restructuring , but not the slightest mandatory action to prevent it .
In addition to the ban on any type of payment in large companies , making profits , nothing else is just about talking .
We can assure the employees of these companies who are against the fight against them , our full solidarity .
In this economy , which only holds the law of the jungle , you have the right way to chose .
Mr President , this morning , Mrs Plooij @-@ Van Gorsel has expressed her surprise in this House and expressed her concern about the fact that we are frequently dealing with this issue in Parliament and she has asked why we do so .
Community legislation is insufficient , they will not apply or apply in many cases .
As some of my fellow Members have done , we could have a long list of the cases of this subject which we have seen in recent years .
In Lisbon , the European Council aims to promote a greater and better employment levels employment levels .
How can the objective of a competitive European Union be able to achieve more and better jobs ?
Of course , by means of better coordination and balance between the different policies of the Union , there is no doubt that the relevant Community legislation must be more effective and more forceful .
For this reason , we cannot wait for any longer , and in this respect the Commission must assume its responsibilities - that a review of the directives on the establishment of a European defence fund , collective redundancies or the transition of businesses should be given purely effective penalties for the event of their failure .
The European Parliament cannot continue to continue this position .
Mr President , on 2 February , it seemed to be inconsistent with a four @-@ year &apos; s four @-@ workers working group .
As a result , we were able to read : &quot; On the scoreboard &quot; .
As far as the tourist market is concerned , it was a shame that I am not able to tell you that I was able to tell you a little more difficult : at the same time , the page of one attribute of Wales from Wales and forced a deception is a deception which shows that , as the profits have risen .
Such news is day after day .
To this end , what is the basic question : what is the fact that what is more ?
Are companies only waiting for profit or can they expect their mandate to be counted ?
In the Netherlands , the Economic and Monetary Committee have recently made two important statements : first and foremost on the subject of the master @-@ burner &quot; and on the subject of non @-@ compliance with the title of the master @-@ backs &quot; and on the subject of America .
Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee specifically advocate a general reference to a number of sections of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs in general , so that an increase in the return for shareholders , which is the most obvious way of restructuring , is the main opportunity for shareholders .
I find this more coherent debate when it comes to the debate at European level and such a formal debate .
Even now , the European Parliament will raise the problem again , but this issue should be integrated into other EU policies .
In my opinion , there is a lack of coherence and coherence here .
I have two examples .
In relation to the tax system , there is no doubt from the viewpoint of the shareholders .
This has shown , for example , the debate on the 13 directive which Mr Bolkestein has clearly rejected by the European Parliament .
Another example is that in competition policy .
Commissioner Monti has clearly understood in our Committee on Employment and Social Affairs that it is only under the point of view of the markets and consumers and not on the basis of such a wider vision .
A Green Paper on the subject of sanctions , as was announced this morning , is not enough .
On the contrary , the Commission should ensure that it is a concept which is integrated into an integrated form , which affects the various areas .
newspapers may be allowed to achieve a certain quest for profit , not political and political decision makers .
Mr President , as the honourable Members have said , some directives have been adopted in a period of full employment , and the changes were slow .
So we need to change and amend certain aspects of the institutional framework .
However , the efforts of the Commission to balance between competitiveness and social cohesion should also be recognised .
Often restructuring , mergers or takeovers have tragic consequences .
Just recently , we had to see how much more than 5 000 jobs have been lost during a month .
However , if we look at the whole way in which European companies are developing , we must also look at the negative effects of reorganisation and restructuring if European companies are not actively involved in the electoral process .
And we must continue to see how many jobs are being retained , because if there is no restructuring , there is a danger that certain industries in the future would disappear completely .
In this highly difficult environment , our efforts , social cohesion and competitiveness are linked to four points .
The first point is this anticipation .
This morning &apos; s contribution to this morning &apos; s contribution to the Dublin Foundation , we predict and adapt them to them .
The second point is the legislative and institutional framework .
This year , there was a recent development of the legislative framework in the context of the European company statute and the five following directives which have been added to the institutional framework for this statute , and the Commission has finally been able to reach a majority in the Council after years of discussion .
We are convinced that there will be significant progress with the commitment of Sweden and the Belgian Presidency in the legislative framework .
On this point , however , it must be said that legislation is not enough and that it is therefore a major effort to reinforce controls .
In collaboration with Commissioner Monti , we are trying to examine all mergers and acquisitions , the strict application of the information provided by the workers concerned .
In this institutional framework , a Commission has recently set up a Commission which , amongst other things , forms part of the social dialogue and the role of mergers and the role of mergers .
The third point is specific policies .
By means of employment strategy and the funding of the Social Fund , the problem of collective redundancies can be brought to the problem of workers at national level , with specific structures to support their reintegration in the labour market or by means of their own businesses .
My fourth point is the role of companies , and this is one of the new fundamental elements of the social agenda .
We call upon the workers to change the changes , mobility in a new environment , education and mobility , and we cannot demand it only for workers who are involved .
This is why this new environment is also a new one , and we are trying to define the social responsibilities of companies quite specific .
This is a question of restructuring , but also of their responsibility in the environment and in society , and the second step will be to establish institutional reforms .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The debate is closed .
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon .
copyright in the information society
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the present directive lays down copyright and neighbouring Community law in the information society .
This is an important , difficult directive .
Today , at second reading , Parliament asked for the Council to express its opinion on the Council &apos; s position , as you will recall , 18 months after the adoption of first reading .
This is why it is the difficult and delicate compromise that took place between all the interests of the directive .
I do not hesitate to achieve this compromise as a step forward , because many of the amendments proposed by Parliament at first reading have been accepted .
However , some aspects have to be improved on what I have advocated with the report .
Despite the adoption of certain compromise groups in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , there is still a difference of opinion , especially in relation to the article on technical temporary copies , so called for , and the private courts .
Many amendments have been tabled on this subject , which I do not share .
The reason why the compromise committee adopted in committee on private temporary copies is an important innovation that , as I quote , I quote , &apos; by means of a natural person &apos; s private use , and I quote , &apos; by means of direct and indirect commercial purposes &apos; , not directly or indirect commercial purposes .
This amendment calls for a new principle in Community legislation whereby the idea of private temporary copies is limited to the benefit of the person responsible for the benefit of the consumer .
The amendment adopted by the committee refers to the trade rate of trade rates , such as anticipation of encrypted virgin honey , such as swine fever , and the exchange of data cannot be spent between vulnerability to the users of camera .
I consider this to be a step towards the text of the common position .
As far as the other aspect is concerned , the balance has been reached in the common position , in my opinion , more than adequate to protect both the supply of water and consumers .
In relation to this question - Article 5 , paragraph 1 , tabled , Amendment No 1 may not be taken into account , despite the intention to increase the protection of copyright , even because they do not relate to the provisions of this directive .
Furthermore , these amendments aim to introduce a system of data for works on the Internet , in other words granting approval for the telecommunications sector , a approval for the electoral system and for the electoral process .
All in all , during the vote in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , we have noted that it is possible to achieve a broad consensus , to improve the directive and to improve the common position , which will prevent the risk of a lengthy and conciliation procedure .
This is an opportunity for the European Parliament to take action in this respect : if the agreement reached in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , the agreement reached in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market will be able to adopt this directive .
This is not just for the European Union , which has a long time to wait for a legislation in this area , but also , above all , for the benefit of economic growth .
After all , it is not only the directive &apos; s intention to come up with marvellous derogations , not only for controversial exceptions , but also in terms of Article 2 , which , in principle , for the use of job creation in new digital fields , in principle with the authorisation of the processing plant .
For all these reasons , I hope that we will finally be able to adopt the text of the directive tomorrow .
Mr President , I have to express an interest in this issue at the beginning of my speech .
First of all , I am the author of some books and &apos; she &apos; intellectual property rights , and I am a member of the Internet Foundation which has several chambers in this Parliament .
This day , with an important event in relation to copyright in the information society , the extensions of the Court of Justice in the information society , which the Court of Justice and the Court of Justice will bring us closer to this day , will recall the unfortunate issue of the use of intellectual property rights .
The judgement of the release of San detentions confirms the right on intellectual property and provides special measures to protect intellectual property law in the United States .
We must also be able to create a system of safeguarding intellectual property law in Europe , because otherwise we can see that there is an effective need for investment across Europe to be found in the United States , which has already been a little more than two years ago .
We are behind the United States behind behind and I agree with the rapporteur that this directive should be rapid .
The Socialist Group is concerned that the horse will not get back with the bathwater .
We have tabled two important amendments in our view .
On the one hand , the amendment refers to the so @-@ called &quot; windows of reference &quot; .
The most simple means of regeneration , a traditional constitutional right , of every person &apos; s freedom of intellectual property , must now be subject to the information society , which is extremely simple and very simple .
This amendment is intended to ensure that those responsible for those who are inferior , otherwise we do not run the risk of a lot of pictures to the advantage of the production of many people , as well as those who profit from production .
Another extremely important amendment , which is limited , is limited and additional @-@ scale .
If the development of the information society is a copy of a copy of additional and functional nature , this temporary nature should really be guaranteed .
It is not the case that we can create a great deal of instructions with separatist property so that the person who used that property can be used at a certain time .
We believe that , in terms of time and additionality , the inclusion of the requirements of intellectual property is a fundamental condition for the preservation of intellectual property .
I hope that the various political groups will be able to offer a few and more alternatives in tomorrow &apos; s votes to protect intellectual property rights in the information society effectively , because , in a few years &apos; time , intellectual property is likely to be effective .
Mr President , first of all , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to offer a great defender of praise for Mr Zavvos and his approach to this issue .
It was a delicate subject which has had to be carried out extremely carefully and , in my opinion , it has been able to produce a more balanced text in this way .
In addition , it may well be - and perhaps we should look at this issue as a Parliament - in order to respond to this issue in the brief time of my membership .
If I would then have been able to take on 300 members of this report , then this is a matter which took place one of a lobbyists per parliamentarians , and this may well be possible .
It would be to be welcomed if the common position were adopted tomorrow by Mr Zavvos tomorrow .
The Liberals are in the opinion that there are some Member States , as I have understood , as I have understood , and that is probably a positive position .
A number of other points have already been mentioned by Mr Trentin and Mr Medina .
As a lawyer , I should just like to examine the fact that , as a lawyer , I have just got to examine because I have a lawyer - as a lawyer - I sat on the subject of intellectual property .
I should like to see whether it is still possible today that a non @-@ existent report should be placed on a voluntary basis for a copy of all these students .
I doubt this because it is in force that it should be applied in force .
For example , I am in favour of allowing private purposes to be restricted .
I also have concerns about the technical measures which can be introduced by the Member States .
I fear that this will lead to distortions in the internal market and , in the final analysis , the Court of Justice will have to decide on the basis of the matter .
I still have problems with the implementation of the current form in its present form .
In my opinion , this is only a question of the directive on electronic commerce , which is why the Commissioner will be able to approve this issue again .
One last thing : on behalf of the ELDR Group , I hope , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I hope to see a balanced balance and a fair balance between all players and all those involved , and digital information should be regarded as a threat .
Mr President , I would like to thank all the positive Members of Parliament who worked constructively , all the Commission and the rapporteur , Mr Wilson .
There are many problems , many people still left unresolved .
The cultural traditions cannot be harmonised as simply .
A compromise will certainly make no cause for satisfaction and the European Parliament is not getting bogged down .
We are talking about a common common position .
The balance between people and the public interest .
Firstly , I think that the latter must be strengthened in the wake of the Greens .
He must serve the way in which it is unsuitable .
Its position must be strengthened in future .
Firstly , my responsibility as a top priority is to allow these livelihoods of power to be protected and protected and , secondly , I should like to see the public &apos; s quality of high @-@ quality content , but also to ensure that quality content is provided by public opinion .
We are against an extension of the electoral process and perhaps perhaps we may perhaps be able to find a solution which will be resolved by the parties , because we are also keen to find an fortunate solution to anyone who can live all .
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the Greens have limited amendments to amendments exclusively to the person who are trying to make them more than 34 and 36 - perhaps you say that this would be an anticipation of future agreements .
Now I now have to say to me : there are very many items in the text of the recitals , which are not the agents of the recitals , but also of the others .
As the previous speakers have already pointed out , Europe has had to discuss whether it would have a European custom , or would not have a discussion on the table between service service , producers and consumers .
However , I would not like to remind the House that the copyright of copyright , with a precision wording of its approach to Europe , is simply under threat .
That is another way we should debate .
In the same way , we will also be able to look at this - and I hope that this will happen soon , together with a view to adopting treaties , together with a possibility for treaties in order to enter into an electoral process .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , if I refer to this issue of the directive on the harmonisation of certain aspects of intellectual water law , which is primarily a matter of urgency , I would like to conclude by saying that we have had time to consider the issue of safety in this matter .
The lack of clarity in this directive is to ensure that there are three items in this directive : the executive and authors , the consumer , and the producers and the producers .
Producers and subsidies are trying to take up between the two others and , in turn , the directive , in particular , has added a list of exemptions to which the Committee on Legal Affairs still has a very difficult problem with regard to radio .
I have the impression that the consumer &apos; s position will benefit .
But what is to be done ?
I ask you what we will use in the foreseeable future if we do not protect and defend it in the foreseeable future .
That is the question which we can ask ourselves .
In addition to my own activities as a Member of the European Parliament , I am also a member of the imagination and the consumer .
In both cases , however , there are certain safeguards and safety measures , but there is a need for uncertainty .
If I cherish the electoral procedure , then I am surprised that Parliament , which , in the end , defends the European markets , is very badly defended , because the use of this market is not going to pay for the goods they enjoy .
You will admit that this is amazing .
Nor are we talking about the conditions of production of these goods , but they are necessary to manufacture the products that are safe .
If there were no excuses and given the window more , I do not know what you want to sell or using , but , in any case , the European market will not be a good thing .
That is the markets .
If you look at the directive more closely , it is possible to discern that , for example , what has happened before an hour , what has been broadcast before an hour , then what we have been broadcast on television is then peanuts .
It is amazing for someone who is talking about things , it is extraordinary if we talk about this type of issue .
What do we intend to do when it comes to handing out savings rates , what will we do in these conditions , so that culture , cultural diversity is not confined to heritage , a mere breach of what really is in deaths and risen .
That must be done - whether or not they will be helped .
It is important for the promotion of the yes to create creation of the promotion of the healthy creation of creation , but it is not being criticised and criticised .
This is what my group wants to defend in tomorrow &apos; s vote .
Mr President , the report before us on copyright and the information society , the so @-@ called information society , is indicative of the growing estimates of a Community system , whose only driving force is the only driving force of a market which is not a good product .
Whilst the damage caused by this system is clear , it is obvious that harmonisation is lower than the Member States , as I have just said , that the Commission and the Council are now proposing to use all cultural services , as Mrs Fraisse explained precisely so well .
It is completely illogical that the institutions of this European Union are in fact represented in the way that the institutions of this European Union are , in fact , in the process of becoming more liberal and deeper globalisation .
This is why we are trying , in my opinion , to stop this speeding up on several sides of this Parliament , to stop this process , which is completely denied the European idea and its ambitions .
We are going to reject the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , because , as Mrs Fraisse rightly rightly pointed out , the traditions of this House are contrary to the traditions of the European artistic artistic Fund , which has so far been the diversity of European artistic artistic , the unique and unique role of European civilisation .
The information society is merely a pretext for trying to take advantage of the habit of acting and self @-@ spiritual property , intellectual property .
Mr President , copyright copyright is in order to crack two interests , the interests of the cocoa producers , producers and entrepreneurship , and on the other .
It could be said that consumer interest is a social interest in the interests of knowledge and cultural expressions , instead of repression and not practise financial interests .
Of course , we should receive a reasonable economic reward and the parties who represent a reasonable economic reward , but there are two crucial points for me .
One is to guarantee the interest of the public and consumers in the use of knowledge and culture .
Denmark - the country I come from - has a very well @-@ developed effect on which I am stuck .
The second point is that systems are handling and applying sanctions which have developed in the legal traditions of different countries and which will be applied there .
We have a special system , and I do not believe that it will be damaged .
I would say that I rarely saw in lobbying in connection with this proposal , and this is not surprising .
We are talking about billions of land and euros in a system and a sector which is primarily based on the American entertainment industry , but it should not be the case that our growth should be complied with .
In addition , there is a lack of clarity in the face of the current legal situation in the face of copyright , which is the most difficult issue in terms of copyright .
I cannot imagine that more than a few per cent of this House will have any idea of how far the problem is , in reality .
It is particularly interesting and remarkable that the proposal is so balanced and I would like to recommend my group to vote for it .
Mr President , I would like to express my appreciation of the rapporteur &apos; s first speaker on behalf of all my colleagues , on behalf of my group .
We welcome the determination to achieve the balance of this directive .
As the rapporteur has said , we will succeed in the compromise committee tabled by our committee , the appropriate directive .
No one claims that they are completely .
This should be emphasised .
It was quite difficult to find common ground in view of different national traditions and exceptions .
For example , there are countries where contributions to petrol and women are concerned .
We support the purpose of this directive because it is mainly a question of creating a new creative responsibility to use this new technology .
This directive is intelligent and potential .
It guarantees that they can create new works and provide fair pay for them .
At the same time , consumers expect to protect their existing rights in order to use them to be used in order to use new schemes , if they are to be seen as consumers , for example , or not , for example , as consumers , for example .
This delicate balance has been struck .
At the same time , ladies and gentlemen , we are not so reassured in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market that this would be a final solution .
We have urgently recommended that a review of this directive should be revised after 18 months .
We must take responsibility in this global world for our work , but at the same time they are prepared to change changes if they require the circumstances .
This is an extremely important measure which we have increased .
We want to bring the directive as quickly as possible .
This shows that the Committee on Legal Affairs in relation to the directive is very responsible for the directive .
We are now seeing a speedy follow @-@ up .
Why are we so much to implement them as quickly ?
The European Union would be able to participate in the Treaty of the World Trade Organisation for intellectual property , and that is in turn an important global dimension .
It is a really promising price which we should ensure as quickly as possible .
Mr President , thank you very much for giving me the floor , although I do not yet have read a book , although I have not read a lot of read !
The protection of intellectual property has always been a concern of the European Union , the European Parliament , because we know that it is only to guarantee that culture is a human condition and that it is becoming economic production .
So it would have been possible for the European Parliament to have a European Parliament &apos; s right to be counted .
That is not !
For the first time , we are witnessing the fact that the protection of intellectual property is reduced .
With the assent of the European Parliament .
We are seeing that the European Parliament is merely a goal for conciliation .
After 18 months in the Council , we have been told that it is now very quickly .
After 18 months , meeting was held in the Council .
And then , the Council was unanimously &quot; unanimously &quot; unanimously , even though it could have been able to decide with a majority , and then that is what is so often mentioned .
And then Parliament is urging it to change .
This Parliament will then be unnecessary !
I have never seen the fact that Members of Parliament or parties have made so much pressure .
But when , on both sides of the Council , the governments , the Council and Parliament , then we do not need Parliament .
Parliament has its own responsibility and it must be done .
The common position has weakened the rights of the burgomaster .
On the other hand , I would ask Parliament to restore these rights at least a few advantages .
Commissioner , Commissioner , I believe that many of them have become fairly successful when Mr Harbour called for a review of the directive in 18 months .
Are we going to conduct all tough lobbying ?
That would be a little too fast .
Ladies and gentlemen , what we can say about the directive has already been mentioned .
That is why it is not quite easy to take the floor now .
However , I would like to thank our wonderful rapporteurs .
I would also like to stress that the official line of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party was struck by the first reading of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
We also believe that the common position should be amended in fundamental parts .
At first reading we were concerned that the majority of Parliament &apos; s role to the Internet would truly serve to create a system which would , furthermore , make it more interesting in Europe to put material into Europe .
These days , in the network - and partly in the Bio @-@ Fijians , were published in some way by the falsification of the Human Rights Commission .
The material can be used via computers , while they are paid for by USD 3 million .
This is a protection of copyright .
But is it so the dissemination of science and knowledge ?
Where is the right balance ?
I think we should think of this when we adopt a position on the directive .
I would also like to point out once again that the official position of our Group is now able to put so few amendments as possible .
The common position is a sensitive compromise which should not be undermined because otherwise we would not be able to establish the signing of the WIPO Treaty , which is most important .
Mr President , I feel it is a great honour to take part in this debate .
I am somewhat sad that they are in a negative and reasonable manner .
We must not forget that the new media have the unhindered side of interaction between man and the idea and between people .
There is , of course , a reason for a legitimate concern about protection of copyright rights today .
But the protection of these rights must not lead to the citizens , selling or researchers to be denied access to the copyright of documents which are subject to copyright .
It has been repeatedly referred to the importance of the balance between the interests of producers and the consumer , and this balance must be achieved .
If we do not manage this delicate balance in the Union , then the serious consequences for dealing with the Internet and similar media could have the serious consequences of the discussion .
For example , for example , there is a question of libraries @-@ to @-@ complete restrictions , namely students , interns and scientists , such as the seed and programmes which could continue along the wayside .
In Article 5 ( 5 ) of the draft directive , we are critical of the restrictions on the simple procedure , as contained in the Berne Convention .
In the interests of the Member States , it is up to Member States to be able to provide the interests of the disabled , private and public libraries , and some other users , and some other users .
This is no acceptable , and the Member States do not have any obligation to do so .
These decisions are under the principle of subsidiarity on the ground .
I stress that this is about commercial interests , which we have expressly understood by the moral right of a author which is expressly excluded from this directive , and I hope that we will have done so in a relatively few amendments .
Mr President , in my country there is still a very serious tradition of copyright in the information society , as copyright and not protection .
The new technologies are now all the more obvious to the European Union and we expect a common approach to this issue .
Of course , there are many controversial points , many of constraints and constraints , and we are also aware of the conditions of the person who are responsible for the other vision of the person who are responsible for their works , in this spirit , and the Commission &apos; s work on the other .
They have succeeded in improving the common position adopted by the Council in relation to the protection of intellectual property .
It is particularly important to reduce the exceptions , and I think that this amendment has been taken very carefully , even though the amendment of the Legal Affairs Committee could go further .
We also need to take account of the libraries and injuries in order to ensure that the respect of intellectual property is violated in this context .
Mr President , I would like to join in the congratulations to the rapporteur , of the wisdom of the wisdom , the patience of a saint and my persistence .
We have seen a great deal of conflict in this difficult subject , which we all have in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , which is the most common one in this House .
Many people believe that the interests of these two groups cannot be undermined .
In my opinion , however , it should be possible to do this with the current wording , but it would also be possible to define a series of principles which could serve the other parts of the world as an example .
That is not a simple task .
Every one of us has the right to make the best possible effort to ensure that consumers are protected and the entitlement to protection and aid .
Mr President , I too would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on his willingness to compensate for a text in which almost three years in the debate .
The task of his job has been that the Council had not adopted the amendments to the European Parliament at first reading .
As I said , the aim of the new directive is to adapt the current legislation to the new technologies under consideration in 1996 .
There is a legal vacuum regarding copyright protection in the digital age .
The Internet is a wonderful tool , but it should not be a single currency .
The cultural and economic challenges are considerable and that the Internet has to develop with an achievable speed , as the United States has established a legal framework for the United States two years ago .
It is therefore a matter of urgency that this directive should be a major factor in the fight against piracy ( which I am particularly concerned ) and because this reduction is a real scourge of the information society , because the pictures are the same as the main quality and stick with .
The manufacture of dried pulses is a recognised one .
It is perfectly normal that the tobacco growers should provide adequate compensation to balance .
If these are really private ends , the legislator must be sufficiently limited to the legislator and must not allow the legislator to be sufficiently restrictive .
That is why I am in favour of a restrictive definition of the telecommunications market .
piracy in the fishing sector must be given the opportunity to make the use of technical protection available .
This is why it is necessary to put a stop to this so @-@ called induction certificate by means of the public prosecutor &apos; s ability to circumvent these protective measures in order to be able to circumvent these protective measures and to encourage piracy in fishing stocks .
This is a new change in which there are so many questions and concerns .
The directive must lead to a balance between the interests of consumers and those of the water operators .
It is an attempt to find a response to these issues as soon as possible , which must remain inadequate .
The review of the directive after a period of two years will allow us to see the gaps and weaknesses it has made in the development of the information society .
Mr President , in my own country , he has been told to say : &quot; It is up to us to get rid of the clock . &quot;
In other words , for the draftsperson and entitlement of the authors , the hope that this Parliament will have today , or tomorrow , is one of the keys to this Parliament .
We believe , Mr President , that it is possible to give the gap between the democratisation process and the new technologies , which are available to us on the Internet , and to find the continuity of the creative nomenclature , if the pay is insufficient , if the pay is insufficient .
There are therefore differences in the face of the demagogic resistance and financial interests , which disguise the notion of a whole society .
Let us not be naïve , Mr President .
Economic values and their dissemination are economic values , and this means that the basis of intellectual property rights and the rights of the mediators .
Unfortunately , the Commission &apos; s proposal and the Council &apos; s common position is a restrictive one .
On behalf of the consumer , it is the right way to accept the right of glory for works , as well as to be ready , the creative freedom and the cultural development of the citizens .
The new communications technologies are not an opponent of bold and timetabled , but we must not claim that it is in the world &apos; s world that we live in order to defend the most weak mail , i.e. the author .
We do not share the special conditions for Budgets on behalf of the list , and , above all , we do not accept the fact - that is the worst sin of the text - that there is no room for technology .
Mr President , despite many efforts and some progress , which is thanks to the primary rapporteur of our rapporteur , and I congratulate him , there is still no text which harmonised the three freedoms of cultural data : the creative freedom , freedom of freedom and freedom of the consumer .
If we are not able to achieve this , Europe will lose some of its basic values .
Mr President , our languages , Mr President , cannot be used for very little when it comes to the altar of the technology , which conceals the severity of all the identities of the world .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to thank the Members of the groups for the 32 signatures to thank the honourable Members for their 32 signatures .
In particular , it is important that certain fundamental points should be taken in the position adopted by an overwhelming majority at first reading by an overwhelming majority .
First of all , it is a question of increasing administrative control to set up a clear regulation on the part @-@ session in line with the directive on electronic commerce in accordance with the directive on electronic commerce , as well as the possibility of the Member States &apos; ability to introduce technical measures without jeopardising the internal market .
Why are I in favour of this position ?
First of all , for reasons of principle .
What more more important than the protection of the accident ?
Can we be a little more than the product of human beings as a product of human resources .
The European Parliament has always played a role of the European cultural heritage and this must continue in the digital age .
If we do not do anything about it , there will be nothing more to be done about easy and without any further copies tomorrow .
After all , there is no incentive for creativity and innovation .
This debate , however , goes beyond purely procedural .
It is also , in fact , the detriment of employment .
At the present time , the genocide in force of communication between communication and the European Union have lost 100 000 jobs .
The state also adds to the state .
In the Belgian state alone , which I know well , we should be able to take up the bill for more than one billion , and this is the case for all kinds of fish .
We need to be aware of the process .
I agree with what Mr Rothley said .
There are , therefore , enough reasons why the amendments I have tabled together with many other Members have tabled amendments , and I would like to thank you for that .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this directive is very important to growth and competitiveness in Europe , but it must not make the Internet more difficult and more difficult .
If we are to achieve e @-@ commerce with higher costs and will increase the costs , Europe will not be the world @-@ wide economic area of the world in ten years &apos; time .
If we in Parliament want to strengthen confidence in our capacity as European legislators , European legislation must be coherent ; the directive on electronic commerce and this directive must be consistent in its entirety .
This is why we will not change Article 5 ( 1 ) or underlying 33 ( 1 ) of the new technology because of the new technology .
Our attitude towards the electoral policy should not lead to the fact that we are legislating to reduce freedom of information or prevent the free flow of information .
The renovation system for the transfer of a post office must be made very high .
If one small person who is going to monitor each other in order to monitor each other &apos; s second @-@ age slaughter , then we will have lost the basis of the Internet and the productivity of the world in countries with a high Internet supply .
I would therefore ask you to support Amendment No 4 .
Our legislation on copyright must be central to the work and the culprits , not the technical form .
television companies must choose themselves , as they are their programmes and the music they want to play .
